This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	The latter case implies that these residues serve some important function in this domain, such as being a small molecule binding site or active site.	1
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	Instead, the sphingosine ligand extends from the new small molecule-binding site into the peptide-binding domain, forming polar contacts there, and partially substitutes el2 (compare Fig 3C).	1
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	The motif was expected to serve as a small-molecule-binding domain for catalytic regulation, forming a beta-alpha-beta-beta-alpha-beta fold (Schuller et al., 1995).	1
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	The apical domain undergoes a large rotation and elevation which allow it to bind the mobile loop of GroES between helices H and I and to move the substrate binding site into the intersubunit interface, changing the cavity lining from hydrophobic to polar.	1
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	Here, ketamine binds in the extracellular ligand-binding domain at an intersubunit cavity that partially overlaps with the agonist binding site and corresponds to the agonist subpocket described and occupied by our allosteric fragment 1 in this paper.	1
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	Accordingly, mutations at position 179 may weaken the quaternary, intersubunit interactions, thereby providing increased access of antibodies to parts of the molecule, such as the V3 domain, the CD4 binding site, and the MPER, that are normally located in the interior of the molecule and exposed only after CD4 binding.	1
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	For example, mutagenesis experiments suggest that the amino acid sequences forming an enzyme with the same structure and function as chorismate mutase may occupy a fraction 10-23 of sequence space, whereas sequences forming a functional beta-lactamase domain occupy merely one 10-64th of sequence space.	1.5
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	The coding sequence HP0291/JHP0276 shows similarity to PheA and TyrA homologs, which is restricted exclusively to the chorismate mutase domain common to both proteins.	1
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	The elucidations of the crystal structures of homologues from Escherichia coli, Bacillus subtilis, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Pseudomonas syringae, rats, goats, humans and other species have revealed that the proteins of this family exhibit highly similar homotrimeric structures and that the conserved domains are also similar in structure to the bacterial chorismate mutase despite the absence of sequence similarity or a functional connection.	4.5
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	To date, there is no atomic structure of the RelA C-terminal domain (CTD), however, sequence homology suggests the presence of a TGS (Thr-RS, GTPase and SpoT) motif followed by a helical linker region connected to the C-terminal conserved cysteine (CC) and Aspartokinase, Chorismate mutase and TyrA (ACT) subdomains.	1
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	With one exception, the duplication of a chorismate mutase gene in strain MBIC11017, all of these duplicates are annotated as hypothetical or conserved domain proteins.	1.5
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	These two proteins originated via gene duplication in the evolutionary lineage to beta-proteobacteria and gamma-proteobacteria and share the same six-domain structure, comprising a (p)ppGpp hydrolysis domain (HD), a (p)ppGpp synthesis (SYNTH) domain, a ThrRS, GTPase and SpoT (TGS) domain, a domain containing helical, conserved cysteines (CC) and an Aspartokinase, Chorismate mutase and TyrA (ACT) domain (Fig. 1c).	1
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	The YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family of proteins is conserved across the three domains of life, yet no biochemical function has been clearly defined for any member of this family.	5
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	YjgF is a member of the highly conserved YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family of proteins present in all three domains of life.	4
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	YjgF is a member of the YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family of proteins present in all three domains of life and defines the Cluster of Orthologous Groups 0251.	4
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	YjgF/YER057c/UK114-family members are also found in the archaea.	4
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	L-PSP endoribonuclease is a member of the YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family of proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes and defines the pfam 01042 group (supplemental Table S3).	4
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	RidA proteins belong to the YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family (here renamed the Rid family).	3
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	In addition to the mammalian homologues, a series of proteins from this family with diverse functions have been identified in lower eukaryotes and bacteria, such as the purine regulator YabJ from B. subtilis YabJ, YIL051c and YER057c from S. cerevisiae, which are involved in isoleucine biosynthesis and the maintenance of intact mitochondria, and the YjgF family of proteins in plants, which are involved in photosynthesis and chromoplastogenesis (CHRD).	4.5
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	The NMR data demonstrate that the treatments generally affect amino acid turnover or protein biosynthesis (alanine, glycine, isoleucine, leucine, valine, tyrosine, phenylalanine, threonine, histidine), tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle and mitochondrial activity (succinate, NAAD, NAD, ATP), urea cycle (creatine, creatine phosphate), anaerobic metabolism (lactate) and protein and DNA biosynthesis and DNA repair (choline and phosphocholine).	1
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	The diverse functions attributed to these proteins in this family include tumour antigen activity in the goat homologue, translation inhibition in human and rat homologues (hp14.5 and rp14.5), endoribonuclease activity in rp14.5, calpain activation in the bovine homologue, molecular chaperone activity in DUK114 and involvement in the regulation of purine and removal of toxic metabolites in YjgF and isoleucine (YjgF, YER057c, Ibm1) biosynthetic pathways.	4
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	Further studies in S. enterica led to a working model in which YjgF scavenges a hypothesized side product of threonine deaminase (encoded by ilvA) that catalyzes the first step in isoleucine biosynthesis.	3
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	We suggest that the yjgF mutation results in the partial block of at least one step in isoleucine biosynthesis (by an as yet undefined mechanism) subsequent to the reaction catalyzed by threonine deaminase (IlvA, no. 10 [Fig. 1B]).	3
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	Most pathways influenced in Pb-contaminated ferrosol and cambosol were alike and concerned alanine-aspartate-glutamate, purine, glutathione, valine-leucine-isoleucine biosynthesis and degradation, TCA cycle and nicotinate-nicotinamide metabolism, except for glycine-serine-threonine metabolism.	1
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	The periplasmic sugar-binding proteins belong to a subgroup (pentose/hexose sugar receptors) within the larger family of periplasmic receptors.	1.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	The overall structure of tmGBP is similar to that of other ligand-bound Class I periplasmic binding proteins, consisting of two domains, each comprised of a central parallel beta-sheet surrounded by several alpha-helices, connected by a three-stranded hinge (Fig. 2A).	1.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	COG functional descriptions are as follows: Amino Acids, general: COG0834, ABC-type amino acid transport/signal transduction systems, periplasmic component/domain; COG1115, Na+/alanine symporter; COG1126, ABC-type polar amino acid transport system, ATPase component; COG0765, ABC-type amino acid transport system, permease component; COG4597, ABC-type amino acid transport system, permease component; COG0531, Amino acid transporters; COG4215, ABC-type arginine transport system, permease component;  ***shortened***	1
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	First, transcription factors, such as the BglG family anti-terminators, respond to carbon-substrate availability and activate both hexose-specific PTS transport systems and ABC pentose transport systems (in contrast to E. coli in which XylR regulates ABC xylose transport).	1.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	Two members of the pentose/hexose sugar-binding protein subclass of periplasmic binding proteins, ribose-binding protein (RBP), and allose-binding protein (ALBP), have been the object of structural studies; closed ligand-bound structures have been determined as well as multiple distinct open structures.	1.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	AfuA is a class II/cluster D periplasmic binding protein with two globular alpha/beta domains linked by a dual beta-stranded hinge (S1 Table and Fig 1A).	2
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	This particular motion is often encountered in ligand-binding proteins and commonly referred to as "pac-man" or "venus flytrap".Figure 5 illustrates the conformational change between the open, apo form (pdb: 2lao) and the closed form of LAO in complex with lysine (pdb: 1lst).	3
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	The ECD of the CaSR has been proposed to be a Venus flytrap-like (VFT) structure that switches between "open" and "closed" conformational states upon releasing or binding agonists.	3
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	We propose a cooperative ligand-binding model involving the Venus flytrap domain of T1R1, where L-glutamate binds close to the hinge region, and 5' ribonucleotides bind to an adjacent site close to the opening of the flytrap to further stabilize the closed conformation.	2.5
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	mGluR1 exists as a dimer at the post-synaptic membrane and upon ligand binding triggers a 'Venus flytrap-like' conformational change that is transduced by the cysteine-rich domain (CRD) to bring two membrane spanning G-protein couple receptor (GPCR) domains into apposition and activate a second messenger cascade (Figure 2B).	2.5
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	This topology, known as a Venus flytrap, is believed to adopt an open state while empty and to close upon ligand binding.	4.5
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	This is commonly referred to as the Venus flytrap model, wherein the apo-open PBP encounters a ligand in its binding cleft, an interaction that triggers a conformational change leading to both lobes of the protein clamping down on the ligand and stabilizing the holo-closed state (Fig. 1).	4
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	CcpA is a DNA binding protein, and a member of the LacI/GalR family of transcriptional repressors/activators.	1
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	The top hits include: i) the regulatory domain of LysR-type transcriptional regulator from Ralstonia eutropha (PDB id: 1IZ1, Z score: 7.9, rmsd: 4.1, aligned residues: 145, sequence identity: 8%), ii) the catalytic domain of ATP phosphoribosyltransferase from M. tuberculosis (1NH7, 7.4, 8.0, 116, 7%), iii) the catalytic domain of porphobilinogen deaminase from E. coli (1PDA, 7.3, 4.0, 149, 8%), iv) the periplasmic Lysine/Argininine/Ornithine-binding protein from Salmonella typhimurium (1LST, 7.0 ***shortened***	1
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	In the LacI/GalR family of transcriptional repressors, it has been shown that the binding of an effector molecule to the C-terminal domain of the protein most probably results in its conformational change.	1.5
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	The arabinose utilization in B. subtilis is controlled by the transcription factor AraR, which consists of a GntR-type DNA-binding domain in the N-terminal region and a C-terminal effector-binding domain homologous to the GalR/LacI family of repressors.	2
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	The LacI/GalR family of transcriptional regulators consist of an N-terminal helix-turn-helix DNA-binding domain and a C-terminal ligand-binding domain that is structurally homologous to periplasmic sugar-binding proteins.	3
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	The E. coli XylR structure combines two domains previously not found in the same protein, an N-terminal d-xylose-binding domain that is homologous to those of the LacI/GalR family and a C-terminal DNA-binding domain with an AraC-like DNA-binding fold.	2
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	VDR is a member of the steroid/nuclear receptor superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, and it is composed of an N-terminal DNA binding domain (DBD) and a C-terminal ligand-binding domain (LBD).	1
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	The VDR is a member of the steroid/nuclear receptor superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, composed of an N-terminal DNA-binding domain (DBD) and a C-terminal ligand-binding domain (LBD).	1
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	The AR is a member of the nuclear receptor superfamily of transcription factors sharing a common evolutionary origin, mode of action and structural architecture, with conserved domains for DNA (DBD) and steroid ligand binding (LBD), and an evolutionarily variable amino-terminal domain (NTD) (Fig. 1A).	1
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	It is an atypical member of the orphan nuclear receptor superfamily because it lacks a DNA-binding domain but contains a putative ligand binding domain.	1
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	Glis1 was identified in a yeast two-hybrid screen using the ligand-binding domain of the retinoid-related orphan receptor RORgamma, a member of the nuclear receptor superfamily, as bait.	1
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila homologous to the vertebrate NGFI-B-type orphan receptors.	4.5
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	The NCBI Conserved Domains prediction (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/cdd) results showed that, like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, HaHR3 contained a predicted DNA-binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a non-conserved hinge and a ligand-binding domain (LBD) (Supplementary Material: Figure S1A).	3.5
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	Nur transcription factors, as members of the nuclear receptor superfamily, share their classic structural organization (Figure 1A) encompassing: (a) a non-conserved N-terminal region containing the transcriptional activation function-1 (AF-1), (b) a conserved DNA binding domain (DBD) located in the middle of the proteins, with 90.2% of amino acid sequence identity among all rat Nur factors, and (c) a moderately conserved C-terminal domain, which encloses the ligand-binding domain (LBD) and the l ***shortened***	3
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	The VDR is a member of the steroid/nuclear receptor superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, composed of an N-terminal DNA-binding domain (DBD) and a C-terminal ligand-binding domain (LBD).	3.5
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	The PR as a member of the nuclear hormone receptor superfamily is a ligand-dependent transcription factor characterized by structural motifs like the N-terminal A/B region, a highly conserved DNA-binding domain (DBD), a hinge region, and a C-terminal ligand-binding domain (LBD).	3.5
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	Members of the NR superfamily have a modular structure consisting of an N-terminal domain, a central DNA binding domain (DBD), a flexible hinge region, and a C-terminal ligand-binding domain (LBD).	4.5
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	Androgen receptor is a ligand-inducible hormone receptor of the nuclear receptor superfamily, which consists of three major functional domains: an N-terminal domain (NTD), a central DNA binding domain (DBD), and a C-terminal ligand-binding domain (LBD), which is connected to the DBD by a flexible hinge region.	3.5
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	(a, b) dUTX directly interacts with ecdysone receptor (EcR/Usp).	1
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	During metamorphosis, pruning is gated by a nuclear hormone receptor complex containing the ecdysone receptor (EcR) and ultraspiricle (usp), the fly RXR homolog.	2
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	The USP/DHR38 complex responds to a different class of ecdysteroids in larval fat body and epidermis in an EcR independent manner, which does not involve direct binding of the ecdysone ligand to either DHR38 or USP.	3
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	Recently Schwedes et al. have documented the activity of the ecdysone receptor/ultraspiracle (EcR/USP) complex in numerous tissues in adult male Drosophila, suggesting that ecdysteroid signaling is important in adult male insects.	2
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	Since MET physically interacts with the ecdysone receptor, we investigated whether MET, ecdysone receptor and EcRE form a protein-DNA complex when the HA-EcR, FLAG-USP, V5-Met1, and cMyc-Met2 constructs were co-transfected into HEK 293 cells.	1
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	This pathway involves a two-step transcriptional cascade: first, 20E binds to the ecdysone receptor (EcR) and its heterodimeric partner ultraspiracle protein (USP) to form a transcription complex.	1.5
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	In both animals the isoforms are differentially expressed during development, with the ratio of long/short mRNA progressively rising as development proceeds.	1
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	In addition to the full-length, 341 aa CREB protein (isoform B), additional isoforms are synthesized by alternative mRNA splicing that are tissue-specific and differentially-expressed during development.	1
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	We next addressed whether these mRNA isoforms are differentially expressed in adult tissues.	1
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	The majority of splicing factors are ubiquitously expressed, yet alternatively spliced mRNA isoforms are often differentially regulated during development and in different cell types.	1.5
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	Due to extensive alternative splicing of FXR1 mRNA, at least seven isoforms of FXR1P are differentially expressed in various tissues.	1
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	Alternatively spliced QKI isoforms are differentially expressed during OL and myelin development, which display distinct subcellular distribution and sometimes even opposing influence to the QKI mRNA ligands.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	Synthesis of paucimannose N-glycans by Caenorhabditis elegans requires prior actions of UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine:alpha	3	D-mannoside beta1,2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase I, alpha3,6-mannosidase II and a specific membrane-bound beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase.	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	We also found that the absence of the GnT1/Mgat1 activity [UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine:alpha	3	D-mannoside beta-1,2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase 1 (encoded by C. elegans gly-12, gly-13, and gly-14 and homologous to vertebrate GnT1/Mgat1)], causes a similar spectrum of DTC phenotypes as ngat-1 mutations-primarily affecting posterior DTC phase 2 migration and preventing manifestation of the same innate ts period as ngat-1.	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	Another of the proteins in phloem exudates is the subunit P of a phosphatidylinositol N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase (PIG-P), which catalyzes the transfer of N-acetyl glucosamine to phosphatidyl inositol in the first step of the glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor synthesis.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	Further processing by Golgi alpha-mannosidases IA-C generates Man5GlcNAc2, the principle substrate for UDP-N-acetyl-d-glucosamine:alpha	3	d-mannoside beta1,2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase I (GnT I).	2
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	We are interested in the role in C. elegans development of a particular class of asparagine-linked glycans (N-glycans) dependent on the prior action of UDP-GlcNAc (N-acetyl-D-glucosamine):alpha	3	D-mannoside beta1,2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase I (GnT I, EC 2.4.1.101).	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	We have previously reported three Caenorhabditis elegans genes ( gly-12, gly-13 and gly-14 ) encoding UDP- N -acetyl-D-glucosamine:alpha	3	D-mannoside beta1,2- N -acetylglucosaminyltransferase I (GnT I), an enzyme essential for hybrid and complex N-glycan synthesis.	2
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	Many proteins entering the ER are posttranslationally modified by transfer of the oligosaccharide Glc3Man9GlcNAc2 (Glc:d-glucose, Man:d-mannose, GlcNAc:N-acetyl	2	d-glucosamine) to asparagine residues in the consensus sequence Asn-X-Ser/Thr (X = any amino acid except proline).	1
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	The HBP has long been described as a "nutrient sensing pathway" and while its role in mediating metabolic signaling in the heart remains relatively understudied it has garnered increasing interest because the HBP plays a key role in regulating the modification of Ser/Thr residues of numerous nuclear and cytoplasmic proteins by the O-linked attachment of a single monosaccharide, N-acetyl-D-glucosamine, more commonly known as O-GlcNAc.	1
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	N-acetyl-d-glucosamine and glycosylated asparagine residues are shown in stick representation.	3
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	O-linked attachment of N-acetyl-glucosamine (O-GlcNAc) on serine and threonine residues of nuclear and cytoplasmic proteins is a highly dynamic post-translational modification that plays a key role in signal transduction pathways.	1.5
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	Protein O-GlcNAcylation is a dynamic modification, whereby N-acetyl-d-glucosamine cycles on and off serine or threonine residues on proteins and is of prominent interest due to its role in diabetes, cardiovascular disease, neurodegenerative diseases, and cancer.- Two enzymes act synergistically to regulate protein O-GlcNAcylation in cells; the O-GlcNAc transferase (OGT) installs an O-GlcNAc moiety onto proteins using UDP-GlcNAc as a donor substrate, and a glycoside hydrolase termed O-GlcNAcase c ***shortened***	1.5
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	O-Linked attachment of beta-N-acetyl-glucosamine (O-GlcNAc) on serine and threonine residues of nuclear and cytoplasmic proteins is a highly dynamic posttranslational modification that plays a key role in signal transduction pathways.	1.5
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	(d) Mannan and N-acetyl-D(+)-glucosamine inhibited binding of ZXL1 to ManLAM.	2.5
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	Herein, we report the synthesis of a pyridyl disulfide end-functionalized polymer with N-acetyl-d-glucosamine (GlcNAc) side chains.	1.5
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	A well-defined pyridyl disulfide end-functionalized polymer with N-acetyl-d-glucosamine pendant side-chains was synthesized by ATRP.	1
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	The cell wall of yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae), a selected model of fungi, is mainly composed of beta1,3-glucan, chitin, and mannan, which are polymers of alpha- or beta-linked Glc, N-acetyl-d-glucosamine (NAG), and Man, respectively.	1.5
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	The stimulatory effect required N-acetyl-d-glucosamine dimer (GlcNAcdi) terminated sugar side chains of the receptor and was dependent on the number of GlcNAcdi links involved in receptor-WGA interface.	1.5
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	Structurally, HS is composed of a core protein and highly sulfated glycosaminoglycan side chains of D-glucuronic acid-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine repeats.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	Here, we demonstrate that TbGT15, another member of the same beta3-glycosyltransferase family, encodes an equally divergent N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase II (TbGnTII) activity.	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	Many of these patients have mutations in genes encoding glycosyltransferases (or putative glycosyltransferases), including POMT1 (encoding protein O-mannosyltransferase 1) (Beltran-Valero de Bernabe et al.,); POMT2 (van Reeuwijk et al.,); POMGnT1 (encoding protein O-mannose N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase 1) (Yoshida et al.,); LARGE (encoding a protein formerly known as like-glycosyltransferase) (Longman et al.,); FKTN (encoding fukutin) (Kobayashi et al.,); and FKRP (encoding fukutin-related pr ***shortened***	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	Only the heterocomplex formed by the association of protein O-mannosyl-transferase 1 and 2 (POMT1 and POMT2) and protein O-linked-mannose beta-1,2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase 1 (POMGnT1) have been experimentally demonstrated to have glycosyltransferase activity, whereas fukutin, fukutin-related protein and LARGE-encoded proteins have homology to glycosyltransferases.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	As discussed above, WcfP is related to the GT4 family of proteins suggesting that it is a retaining glycosyltransferase, while WcfN appears to be a member of the GT2 family, which inverts the stereochemistry of the anomeric carbon, and members of this family have also been identified that transfer galactofuranose.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	Recently, this lack of a necessity for a divalent cation has been structurally explained for an enzyme, core 2 beta1,6-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase, from the same glycosyltransferase family (CAZy family 14); indeed, all members of this enzyme family lack the degenerate 'DXD' sequence motif involved in metal ion binding and catalysis in other so-called 'GT-A' glycosyltransferases.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	Mutations in 6 genes encoding known or putative glycosyltransferases cause a failure in alphaDG glycosylation: protein O-mannosyltransferase 1 and 2 (POMT1/2, refs.); protein O-mannose beta-1, 2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase (POMGNT1, ref.); fukutin (FKTN, ref.); FKTN-related protein (FKRP, ref.); and glycosyltransferase-like protein (LARGE, ref.).	1
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	All the members consist of six Ig-like and four fibronectin III-like domains that are anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI) (Fig. 1).	5
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	MDGA1 full length (pFLAG-MDGA1) contains an N-terminal signal peptide followed by flag sequence, six immunoglobulin-like (Ig) domains, one single fibronectin type III (FnIII) domain, a MAM (Meprin, A5 protein, receptor protein-tyrosine phosphatase mu) domain and a potential cleavage site (Asp931) for GPI (GlycosylPhosphatidylInositol) in the C-terminal anchoring the protein to the cell membrane.	1
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	They are axonal cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) characterized by the presence of six Ig-like domains C2 type (IgC2) with disulfide bonds, four fibronectin type III-like repeats (FnIII), and a glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchoring domain.	4.5
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	The structure for the six human contactins consists of an N-terminal signal peptide followed by 6 Ig-like and 4 fibronectin type III-like domains, and a C-terminal glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI) binding site that anchors the protein to the external surface of the plasma membrane.	4.5
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	It consists of six immunoglobulin-like and four fibronectin III-like domains and is anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	5
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	Contactins are members of the Ig superfamily of cell adhesion molecules, typified by six Ig domains, four fibronectin type-III (FN-III) repeats, and a C-terminal glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI) lipid anchor.	5
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	In schistosomiasis and TB, aggregating macrophages undergo a series of stereotyped morphological changes; their cytoplasm expands, and zipper-like interdigitations form between the apposed membranes of neighboring cells.	1
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	Abcd2, ATP-binding cassette, subfamily D (ALD), member 2; Afap1l1, actin filament-associated protein 1-like 1; Aldh1a1, aldehyde dehydrogenase family 1; Cbr2, carbonyl reductase 2; Cntn2, contactin 2 (axonal); Hr, hairless; Ier5, immediate early response 5; Itga7, integrin-alpha7; Itih3, inter-alpha-trypsin inhibitor, heavy chain 3; Luzp1, leucine zipper protein 1; Nefh, neurofilament, heavy polypeptide; Nefm, neurofilament, medium polypeptide; Paqr6, progestin and adipoQ receptor family member  ***shortened***	1
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	Zipper-like structures of electron dense material formed from matrix and core shell proteins are flanked by membrane profiles that show closely apposed membranes (b) or open cisternae (c-d).	1.5
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	After reaching a certain concentration, MBP closely binds two apposed membranes together and uncompacted myelin components and the cytoplasm are extruded; membranes are thereby compacted in a zipper-like fashion.	1
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	SNARE domains span a docking junction and 'zipper' together in trans, driving the apposed membranes together to trigger lipid mixing and fusion.	1
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	In the absence of J13Lp we failed to observe zipper like stacks with the appearance of closely apposed membranes, and all zipper like stacks were associated with open membrane cisternae.	1
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	L1 is a member of the Ig superfamily and binds to several extracellular ligands, such as the proteoglycan neurocan, integrins, axonin-1/TAG-1, and contactin/F3/F11, as well as binding to itself in a homophilic manner.	2.5
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	L1-CAM participates in homophilic interactions and binds numerous heterophilic ligands including other CAMs (NCAM, TAG-1/axonin-1, contactin/F3/F11), proteoglycans (neurocan and phosphacan), ECM-associated molecules (laminin, tenascin), neuropilin-1, and receptor tyrosine phospatases (reviewed in).	1
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	L1 binds to a number of extracellular partners such as the proteoglycan neurocan neuropilin, alpha1beta3 integrins, axonin-1/TAG-1, and contactin/F3/F11, as well as to itself in a homophilic manner (Ruppert et al.,; Kunz et al.,; Montogomery et al.,; Kamiguchi et al.,; Yip et al.,; Kenwrick et al.,; Oleszewski et al.,; Silletti et al.,; Jacob et al.,).	1
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	The extracellular region of PTPRZ is responsible for its binding with various secretory factors (such as PTN, MK, IL-34, and basic fibroblast growth factor), extracellular matrix proteins (tenascin-C and -R), and cell adhesion molecules (Nr-CAM, L1/Ng-CAM, F3/contactin, NCAM, and TAG1/axonin-1).	1
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	L1 molecules bind to a number of extracellular partners, such as the proteoglycan neurocan, neuropilin, integrins, CNTN2 (axonin-1/TAG-1), and CNTN1 (contactin/F3), as well as to L1 itself in a homophilic manner.	2.5
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	It has been reported that the extracellular domain of PTPzeta binds various cell adhesion molecules (Nr-CAM, L1/Ng-CAM, F3/contactin, N-CAM, and TAG1/axonin-1), growth factors [pleiotrophin (PTN)/heparin-binding growth-associated molecule (HB-GAM), midkine, and fibroblast growth factor-2 (FGF-2)], and extracellular matrix molecules (tenascin-C and tenascin-R).	1
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	The neural cell adhesion molecule contactin (F3/F11) contains Ig-like domains and FN-III repeats, and is attached to the cell surface through a glycosyl phosphatidylinositol (GPI) anchor ( Ranscht and Dours 1988; Brummendorf et al. 1989; Gennarini et al. 1989; Zisch et al. 1992).	1
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	The Ig motif of the beta2 subunit has close structural similarity to one of the six Ig motifs in the extracellular domain of the cell adhesion molecule contactin (also called F3 or F11), which binds to the extracellular matrix molecules tenascin-C and tenascin-R.	1
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	These cell surface receptors include the natural killer cell receptor p58 and more recently Ig superfamily proteins such as the insect hemolymph protein hemolin, the neuronal receptors axonin/TAG1/contactin-2 (CNTN2), CNTN4 and isoforms of the Down syndrome cell adhesion molecule (Dscam) . In these latter structures, the four N-terminal Ig domains adopt closely-related horseshoe-like conformations mediated by extensive contacts between Ig1 and Ig4 on one hand and Ig2 and Ig3 on the other hand.	1.5
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	These connectivity genes were: the neural cell adhesion molecule (NRCAM) gene, brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 3 (BAI3), contactin associated protein-like 2 (CNTNAP2), CUB and Sushi multiple domains 1 (CSMD1), catenin (cadherin-associated protein), alpha 2 and 3 (CTNNA2 & 3), Down syndrome cell adhesion molecule (DSCAM), protein tyrosine phosphatase, receptor type, D (PTPRD), sarcoglycan zeta (SGCZ), brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 3 (BAI3), astrotactin 2 (ASTN2), ankyrin repeat and  ***shortened***	1
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	The cell neural adhesion molecule contactin-2 plays a key role in axon extension and guidance, fasciculation, and myelination during development.	1.5
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	We also identified several proteins (all group 2) that are associated with connective tissue remodeling, including prolyl endopeptidase FAP (FAP), protein jagged-1 (JAG1), bone sialoprotein 2 (IBSP), ADAM metallopeptidase domain 9 (ADAM9), cadherin-5 (CDH5), neural cell adhesion molecule L1-like protein (CHL1), osteomodulin (OMD), and contactin-5 (CNTN5).	1
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	In contrast, L1 may possess two different spatial arrangements of the four N-terminal Ig domains, one with an U-shaped domain arrangement, as reported here for TAG-1Ig1-4, and an extended conformation, where the four N-terminal Ig-domains do not form a compact module.	3
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	Determination of the structure of the first four Ig domains of Axonin-1/TAG-1, a protein with a very similar domain structure, supports this prediction because they are arranged in a U shape with contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4.	4
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	The strongest binding was demonstrated by the fragment containing domains 1, 2 and 3, compared to the domain 4 fragment (Fig. 3e).	1
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	Because tandem BRCT domains frequently fold into compact structures that interact with phosphoserine/threonine-binding motifs, we further subdivided the N-terminal half of TopBP1 into three fragments containing the tandem BRCT domains 1 and 2, the tandem BRCT domains 4 and 5, and another fragment containing the BRCT domain 3.	1
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	However, division of this fragment between the BRCT domains 2 and 3 eliminated the Y2H signal, suggesting that BRCT domains 1 to 4 likely function as a binding module for Rhp18 (Fig. 1C).	1
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	The 59.8-kDa N-terminal VEGFR1 fragment is of particular interest because it contains Ig domains 1 through 5, which includes the ligand binding domains (Ig domains 2-3) for VEGF (Fig. 2C; Table).	1
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	Our in vitro studies demonstrate that knocking down of B2M leads to the decrease of OC cell growth, as well as their migration and invasion, indicating that B2M has a cellular function in regulating cell behaviors, such as cell proliferation, migration and invasion.	1
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	Hsa-miR-7 plays a role in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion by targeting PAK1 in thyroid cancer.	1
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	Besides Ras, many PT substrates are involved in regulating cell growth, proliferation and survival, as well as migration, invasion and metastasis.	1
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	TIMP3 is a family member of the matrix metalloproteinase inhibitors, which have an important function in regulating a wide range of physiological processes such as cell growth, invasion, migration transformation and apoptosis.	1
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	It serves a critical function in regulating cell proliferation, migration, invasion and survival.	1
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	However, it is still unclear how SSAT was involved in regulating cell growth, migration and invasion in hepatocellular and colorectal carcinoma cells.	1
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	AMAP1 (also called DDEF1 in human, DEF1 in bovine, and ASAP1 or centaurin beta4 in mouse) has an ArfGAP domain and was originally reported to exhibit efficient GTPase-activating protein (GAP) activities against Arf1 and Arf5, but very weak GAP activity against Arf6.	3
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	For example, the Ras GTPase activating protein (GAP) Dab2ip is a tumour suppressor that controls both Ras and NF-kappaB activity; the atypical kinase SgK269/PEAK1 modulates the cytoskeleton to control cell spreading and migration, and thus tumourigenesis; the Arf GTPase activators Asap1 and Asap2 promote cancer cell invasiveness; and the Rho guanine nucleotide exchange factor Arhgef5 is often overexpressed in breast cancers and helps form Src-induced podosomes.	1
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	ASAP1 was identified both as an Arf GAP, specific for Arf1 and Arf5 but with detectable activity on Arf6, and as a Src SH3-binding protein.	4
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	ASAP1, a GTPase-activating protein (GAP) for Arf1, has also been implicated in the control of cell adhesive structures, including invadopodia.	2.5
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	ASAP1 is an Arf GTPase-activating protein that prefers Arf1 and Arf5 to Arf6.	4
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	AGAP-2, a GTPase-activating protein for ARF1 and ARF5, has been shown to prevent apoptosis and promote cancer cell invasion and its cancer-related over-expression has also been demonstrated previously (Xia et al., 2003).	3.5
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	Comparing the structure of the Arf1/exomer complex with that of the ArfGAP ASAP3 bound to Arf6 reveals that the FBE domain binding site does indeed significantly overlap with the binding site of the GAP domain (Figure S1G).	2.5
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	(D) A composite molecular model that includes the GAP catalytic domain of ASAP3, taken from the crystal structure of ASAP3 bound to Arf6.	3.5
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	ACAP2 is an Arf6-specific GAP, switching off Arf6 activity.	1.5
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	These most conserved residues were then analyzed for function by examination of their role in the structure of an Arf GTP-Arf GAP complex, as recently reported for the ArfGAP domain of human ASAP3 with Arf6 GDP AlF.	3
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	ASAP3 was first identified as a protein that contributes to cell proliferation in hepatocellular carcinoma and was later reported to be an Arf6-specific Arf GAP that regulates cell migration.	5
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	There is also some evidence that calcium might bind to the complex and regulate GAP activity , although this needs to be confirmed with full-length ASAP3 and Arf6 and in cells.	3
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	N-BAR domains are protein modules that bind to and induce curvature in membranes via a charged concave surface and N-terminal amphipathic helices.	3.5
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	BAR domains do not hydrolyze nucleotides and their membrane bending activity apparently operates through their rigid curvature and reversible binding to membranes.	4
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	All the I-BAR domains characterized thus far induce formation of plasma membrane protrusions when expressed in cells, and generate negative membrane curvature in vitro by binding to the inner leaflet of membrane tubules through their convex lipid-binding interface . I-BAR domains bind phosphoinositide-rich membranes mainly through electrostatic interactions and induce phosphoinositide clustering in vitro.	3.5
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	The minimal activities associated with functional BAR domains include the ability to (i) form dimers, (ii) bind cell membranes and (iii) sense membrane curvature.	4.5
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	For example, it is a matter of debate whether Bin/Amphiphysin/Rvs167 (BAR) domains induce membrane curvature in vivo or preferentially bind to membranes with the appropriate curvature.	3
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	The Bin-Amphiphysin-Rvs (BAR) domain superfamily of proteins regulates both membrane and actin dynamics via BAR domains, crescent shaped dimers that bind to membranes and can either sense or induce membrane curvature.	4
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	The endophilin-B proteins are found in at least 11 different eukaryotic organisms, and they are involved in regulation of intracellular transport, lipid binding, and curvature sensing modules.	3
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	Some of the highlights in this area have been the discovery and structural characterization of FYVE and PX domains as receptors for the endosomal lipid phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate; the characterization of high-affinity PI(4,5)P2 binding sites on endocytic proteins and complexes such as epsin and AP180, and the role of BAR domains and amphipathic alpha-helices in sensing and inducing membrane curvature.	2.5
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	However, Bhatia et al. have argued that amphipathic helices associated with BAR proteins (N-BAR domains) mediate both membrane binding and curvature sensing.	3
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	These domains potentially function as modules for dimerization, lipid binding, and membrane-curvature sensing.	3.5
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	Many proteins that bind dynamin's PRD via an SH3 domain also contain BAR domains, protein modules with curvature generating and sensing properties (Table 2) . BAR domains comprise amino-acid sequences that fold into coiled-coils and dimerize into elongated curved structures optimally suited to bind the negatively charged cytosolic leaflet of the plasma membrane . The presence of amphipathic helices or lipid-binding modules that flank the BAR domains and their propensity to polymerize further enh ***shortened***	4.5
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	Previous studies have demonstrated that some lipid-binding modules, such as the ENTH and N-terminal amphipathic helix and BAR (N-BAR) domains, have N-terminal amphipathic alpha helices that mediate membrane curvature generation and/or sensing.	4.5
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	These proteins can be categorized into six groups based on unique domain structures: Arf GAP1/3, Git1/2 (protein interacting with G-protein-coupled-receptor kinase), ASAP1/2/3 [Arf GAP with SH3 (Src homology 3) domain, ANKs (ankyrin repeats) and PH (pleckstrin homology) domains 1, 2 and 3), ARAP1/2/3 (Arf GAP with Rho GAP, ANKs and PH domains), ACAP1/2/3 (Arf GAP with coiled-coil domains, ANKs and PH domains 1, 2 and 3) and AGAP1/2/3 (Arf GAP with GTP-binding-protein-like, ANKs and pleckstrin ho ***shortened***	4
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	BAR: Bin-Amphiphysin-Rvs domain; SH3: Src homology 3 domain; RhoGAP: Rho GTPase activating protein domain; PX: Phox homology domain; PH: Pleckstrin Homology domain; ArfGAP: Arf Rho GTPase activating protein domain; PTB: Phospho-tyrosine binding domain; PDZ: Psd-95, Dlg and ZO1 domain; RhoGEF: Rho guanine-nucleotide exchange factors domain; Ank: Ankyrin.	1.5
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	Abbreviations are: ALPS, ArfGAP1 lipid-packing sensor; ArfGAP, ArfGAP domain; ANK, ankyrin repeat; BAR, Bin/Amphiphysin/Rvs; BoCCS, binding of coatomer, cargo and SNARE; CALM, CALM binding domain; CB, clathrin-box; CC, coiled-coil; FG repeats, multiple copies of the XXFG motif; GLD, GTP-binding protein-like domain; GRM, Glo3 regulatory motif; PBS, Paxillin binding site; PH, pleckstrin homology domain; Pro(PxxP)3, cluster of three Proline-rich (PxxP) motifs; Pro(D/ELPPKP)8, eight tandem Proline-r ***shortened***	1
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	Abbreviations: SAM, sterile alpha-motif domain; PH, pleckstrin homology domain; ArfGAP, Arf GTPase-activating domain; Ank, ankyrin repeat; RA, Ras associating domain; SH3, Src homology 3 domain; Pro-Rich, proline-rich motif; Cc, coiled-coil domain.	1.5
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	Arf (ADP-ribosylation factor) GAP (GTPase-activating protein) with coiled-coil domains, ankyrin repeats and PH (pleckstrin homology) domains 1	3
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	Pap is a multidomain protein composed of an N-terminal alpha-helical region with a coiled-coil motif, followed by a pleckstrin homology domain, an Arf-GAP domain, an ankyrin homology region, a proline-rich region, and a C-terminal SH3 domain.	2.5
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	The functional domains of ASAP1 include the Arf GAP domain, pleckstrin homology (PH), SH3, proline-rich, and N-terminal BAR domain.	3
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	While ASAP1 constructs consisting of the PH and Arf GAP domains have detectable activity with membrane-bound Arf, the activity is enhanced 15-fold in the presence of PS, and enhanced 1,500-fold further with the addition of PtdIns(4,5)P2.	3.5
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	The PH domain of ASAP1 is critical for function of the Arf GAP catalytic domain.	3.5
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	Furthermore the PH domain of ASAP1 is structurally critical for Arf GAP activity.	4
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	Here we compared the kinetics of recombinant proteins composed of the PH, Arf GAP, and Ankyrin repeat (PZA)3 or BAR, PH, Arf GAP, and Ankyrin repeat (BAR-PZA) domains of ASAP1 to test the hypothesis that the BAR domain affects enzymatic activity.	2.5
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	The effect on ASAP1 was dependent on an N-terminal extension of the BAR domain that may associate with the PH and Arf GAP domains.	3.5
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	PCH proteins contain an N-terminal F-BAR domain, which forms a constitutive homodimer, and a C-terminal SH3 domain.	1.5
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	Most F-BAR proteins contain at least one C-terminal SH3 domain.	2
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	CrkI has an N-terminal SH2 domain followed by a SH3 domain, whereas both CrkII and CrkL contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	1
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	Syndapins contain an N-terminal F-BAR domain and a C-terminal SH3 domain.	1.5
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	Note that drebrins, in contrast to what we reported earlier, seem not to contain a C-terminal SH3 domain.	1
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	These motifs also contain the key residues for the interaction with the C-terminal SH3 domain of Grb2.	1
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	The ASAP subtype includes ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	2.5
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	ASAP1, GI |4063616; ASAP2, GI |48474259; ASAP3, GI |221307473; ACAP1, GI |7661880; ACAP2, GI |39932727; PLCdelta1, GI |130228.	1.5
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	ASAP1 has tandem repeats of [D/ELPPKP] and an SH3 domain, ASAP2 has an SH3 domain but no E/DLPPKP repeats, and ASAP3 has neither of these motifs.	2
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	To confirm the interaction between full-length proteins and to determine the isoform specificity for binding to FIP3, BAR domain-containing ArfGAPs including ASAP1, ASAP2, ASAP3, ACAP1, and ACAP2 were tested in similar IP experiments in HEK293T cells (Figure 1B).	2.5
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	Ca2+ was found to simulate the GAP activity of ASAP1 and ASAP3 (and likely ASAP2) but not ArfGAPs from other subfamilies.	2
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	The three ASAPs (Arf GAP with Src homology 3, ankyrin repeat, and pleckstrin homology domains), ASAP1 (also known as AMAP1), ASAP2 (AMAP2) and ASAP3 (AMAP3), appear to prefer class I and/or class II Arfs as substrates.	2.5
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	On the other hand, we have shown previously that AMAP1 (multidomain Arf GAP protein) binds stably to the GTP-bound form of Arf6 via its ArfGAP domain and acts as an effector for GTP-Arf6 in tumor invasion, but not as a GAP enzyme for Arf6.	3.5
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	Further studies on the role of the cytohesin	2	Arf6 signaling pathway in 3T3-L1 cells and also in primary cells will advance our understanding of the involvement of small GTP-binding protein activity in adipocyte differentiation.	1
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	We have confirmed that AMAP1 also binds stably to GTP-Arf6 and functions similarly (S Hashimoto and H Sabe, unpublished data, 2003).	3
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	We have recently shown that the mode of AMAP2 action toward Arf6 is different from those known of other GAPs toward their cognate small G proteins: AMAP2 binds stably to GTP-Arf6 and acts to recruit AMAP2-binding proteins to sites of Arf6 activation.	3
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	Arf1 and Arf6 are known to trigger actin polymerization in their GTP-bound conformation by binding downstream signaling proteins WRC and ARNO, respectively.	1.5
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	It is possible that there is a signaling cascade such as GTP hydrolysis on Arf1 by ASAP1 occurs in the downstream of Arf6 binding to ASAP1.	3
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	The actin-severing protein cofilin is sequestered by binding to PIP2 and is released in an active form by PLCgamma1 activity.	2
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	NSOM also was used to observe changes in membrane protein clusters such as erbB2 upon activation, clusters of Ca2+ ion channels in cardiac myocyte membranes, the distribution, mobility, and association of membrane clusters containing transferrin and other cell surface receptors, and the domains of beta-adrenergic receptor complexes on the surface of cardiac myocytes.	1
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	There are several similarities between our observations in BE cells and another cellular system where PLCgamma1 is a key component of large protein complexes, namely, the activation of T cells through T-cell receptors.	1.5
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	When activated by either PLCgamma1-mediated PI(4,5)P2 hydrolysis or dephosphorylation by SSH, cofilin translocates to the F-actin compartment where it binds and severs actin filaments resulting in the generation of free barbed ends and the formation of cofilin-G-actin complexes.	1.5
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	Recently, it has also been demonstrated that phospho-cofilin is present in the complex with PLCgamma1/Memo/ErbB2 at the plasma membrane.	4
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	Cofilin, a small actin-binding protein, is involved in cell mobility and invasion via controlling actin polymerization.	1.5
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	Several cytoplasmic adaptor proteins have been shown to interact with membrane/cytoplasmic ERalpha, including MEMO (Mediator of ERBB2-driven cell MOtility), which can promote extra-nuclear estrogen signaling via interaction with the ERalphaAF-1 domain, and MNAR (Modulator of Nongenomic Action of estrogen Receptor).	2
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	The principal signaling function of ErbB3 in cancers was thought to be its role as a binding partner of ErbB1 or ErbB2 and a scaffold for the recruitment of cytosolic signaling proteins.	1.5
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	While investigating signaling pathways involved in ErbB2-driven breast carcinoma cell migration, we have identified Memo, a protein that does not belong to any known family of signaling molecules, as a novel ErbB2 effector.	4.5
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	Proteins involved in ErbB2 signaling and cell migration were tested as potential interacting partners of PTPalpha(WT), PTPalpha(D1DA), or PTPalpha(D2EA).	1.5
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	Although LGR4-6 are homologous to GPCRs and thus classified into this family, their function in modulation of Wnt signaling is independent of heterotrimeric G proteins.	1
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	The proposed signaling mechanism for this pathway includes several proteins homologous to other known signaling proteins.	1
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	Biochemical and structural studies have revealed that PBD is a phosphopeptide binding module and preferentially binds to a peptide motif consisting of a phosphoserine/phosphothreonine preceded by a Ser residue (S-(Ser(P)/Thr(P)).	1
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	ERBB2, a member of the EGFR family, does not have any specific ligands that it binds directly and may be regulated by ligands in the same way as EGFR.	1
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	Proteins are considered able to be recruited by a receptor if they contain at least one SH2 or PTB domain that binds at least one phosphopeptide derived from that receptor with a KD <= 2 microM. (A) Venn diagram for EGFR, ErbB2 and ErbB3.	1
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	We do not know if the SH2 domain of Src64B is involved in the interaction with the novel phosphomotif of Dof, but if so, it is not clear whether this motif could be accommodated by the same interaction surface as the one that binds to the consensus Src SH2 domain recognition sequence pYEEI, which has been defined by phosphopeptide library screening and structural studies on peptide-bound Src SH2 domains.	1
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	Structural studies showed that the phosphate from a Cdc6-derived phosphopeptide did, as long suspected, bind in the putative phosphate-binding pocket of Cks1.	1
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	(c) A structural comparison of the Grb7 SH2 domain (green) with the Grb7 SH2 domain bound to an ErbB2 derived phosphopeptide (1MW4; black; [29]).	1.5
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	SKP2 (FBXL11) is part of the FBXL subfamily that comprises 22 members (FBXL1 to FBXL22) containing an F-box motif and a C-terminal Leu-rich repeat (LRR) domain.	1
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	This group also contains STK24 (MIM 604984), which encodes serine/threonine protein kinase, a member of the germinal center kinase-III subfamily of STE20-like serine/threonine protein kinases, containing N-terminal kinase domain and C-terminal regulatory domain.	1
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	Ape2 belongs to the Apn2-like protein subfamily, which in addition to the N-terminal catalytic exoIII protein domain also contains a C-terminal extension that is not present in the other members of the ExoIII family.	1
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	Like other members of this subfamily, LndYR is small (144 aa) and contains a greatly reduced C-terminal effector binding/oligomerization domain.	1
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	(A) Section of the tree showing part of the C3 subfamily containing members with a C-terminal Tub domain.	1
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	Alternatively, another subfamily of phosphorelay systems (e.g. the S. cerevisiae osmoregulatory pathway) contains a "hybrid kinase," a single polypeptide that contains both the DHp domain (containing H1) and a C-terminal receiver domain (D1) so that H1 to D1 transfer is an intramolecular event.	1
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	A similar 2-His	1	carboxylate facial triad of two histidines and an acidic residue are the ligands to the iron in other nonheme iron enzymes, including the alpha-ketoglutarate dependent hydroxylases and the extradiol dioxygenases.	1.5
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	Interestingly, Memo is structurally homologous to a LigB, a class III non-heme iron binding extradiol dioxygenases.	4
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	Cleavage of the C-C bonds, particularly in aromatic substrates, is an important class of reactions performed by a number of nonheme iron enzymes, including the intra- and extradiol-cleaving catechol dioxygenases and 2-aminophenol dioxygenase.	1
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	This metal-binding arrangement has been named a "2-His	1	carboxylate facial triad" and is also found in a variety of nonheme iron enzymes with different three-dimensional structures, including the extradiol and Rieske dioxygenases, the alpha-ketoglutarate dependent hydroxylases, and isopenicillin N synthase.	1
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	However, unlike the GST of strain AD45, which does not need divalent metal ions for activity, FosA is a metalloglutathione S-transferase that is homologous to extradiol dioxygenases and glyoxalase I, rather than a theta class GST.	1
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	The 3His- or 2- or 3His-1Glu Fe2+ binding motif of the cupin dioxygenases can be considered a variation of the 2His-1carboxylate facial triad motif, which is common not only in the type I extradiol dioxygenases but also in many other nonheme FeII-containing oxygenases of different fold families.	1
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	Memo (Mediator of ErbB2 driven cell motility) was identified in a screen for ErbB2 receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) interacting proteins with roles in cell motility.	2.5
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	Nevertheless, data about how these signals provoke specific cellular responses such as proliferation or survival is limited, except for a report, which identified an intracellular signaling component, MEMO (Mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and reported its integration with ErbB signal and control over cell motility.	2
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	MJ0403 encodes a protein that is similar in sequence to subunit B of class III extradiol ring-cleavage dioxygenases and is also homologous to the human protein MEMO (mediator of erbB2-driven cell motility).	2
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	The mediator of ERBB2-driven cell motility (MEMO) is a 297-amino acid protein and is not homologous to any known signaling protein.	2.5
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	Several cytoplasmic adaptor proteins have been shown to interact with membrane/cytoplasmic ERalpha, including MEMO (Mediator of ERBB2-driven cell MOtility), which can promote extra-nuclear estrogen signaling via interaction with the ERalphaAF-1 domain, and MNAR (Modulator of Nongenomic Action of estrogen Receptor).	2
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	The closest ortholog of the mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility factor, memo-1, results in increased lifespan when knocked down or mutated.	2
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	Contiguous gene deletions of varying sizes within Xq22.3-Xq23 manifest in phenotypes that partially or completely overlap the AMME disease spectrum have been described in five previous reports of which three were inclusive of the AMMECR1 gene (figure 4).	4
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	Deletions in the Xq22.3-Xq23 region, inclusive of COL4A5, have been associated with a contiguous gene deletion syndrome characterised by Alport syndrome with intellectual disability (Mental retardation), Midface hypoplasia and Elliptocytosis (AMME).	3.5
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	That said, mutant-specific functional evidence and the strong phenotypic overlap between the dysmorphology observed in this study and the original AMME case by Jonsson et al advance our understanding of the phenotypic/genotypic overlap between a single point mutation in AMMECR1 and this contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	3.5
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	KCNE5 is among a group of genes deleted in AMME (Alport syndrome, intellectual disability, midface hypoplasia and elliptocytosis) contiguous gene deletion syndrome, a syndrome also associated with cardiac abnormalities and generalized hypoplasia.	3.5
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	Of the 4 genes marginally up-regulated by AgDNV infection, two are putatively associated with stress response (cytochrome P450 (CYP450) and AMME syndrome candidate gene 1 (AMMECR1)).	3
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	Literature describing AMMECR1 is sparse; its description and name (Alport syndrome, Mental retardation, Midface hypoplasia and Elliptocytosis Chromosomal Region gene 1) is derived from its cytogenic location within Xq22.3-Xq23 and its previous association with a very rare contiguous gene deletion syndrome originally named Alport syndrome, mental retardation, midface hypoplasia and elliptocytosis (AMME).	4
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	MEMO1 is a nonheme iron-dependent dioxygenase that binds to the C-terminus of ErbB2/Her2 (also a known target of miR-125b) and is required for ErbB2-driven cell motility.	5
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	Here, we identified the C. elegans orthologue of mammalian mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility, MEMO-1, as a protein that inhibits BLI-3/NADPH oxidase.	2.5
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	Inserting a FLAG-tag on either the N terminus or the C terminus of TIMELESS co-precipitated the identical band, suggesting that the band is not a cleavage or degradation product of the bait protein.	1
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	The sIg fusion with the C-terminus of polycystin-1 was precipitated with Protein A-Sepharose as detailed by Walz and co-workers.	1
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	Cell surface proteins were biotinylated and precipitated, and cleavage products of the SARS-CoV spike protein were analyzed in Western blot with an antibody recognizing the C9 tag at the C terminus of the protein.	1
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	The ErbB2-interacting protein (Erbin) is a PDZ domain-containing protein that binds the C-terminus of ErbB2 that is essential for epithelial integrity.	1.5
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	Mutant and structural analyses showed that whereas the second hydrophobic patch is responsible for Bro1/ALIX binding to SNF7/CHMP4, the TPR pocket helps to stabilize intramolecular interactions between different parts of the Bro1 domain.	3.5
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	Thus, we conclude that the association of Bro1 with Snf7, which is mediated by hydrophobic patch 1 in the Bro1 domain, is important for the localization of Bro1 to endosomal membranes.	4
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	In addition to the binding site for SNF7, the crystal structure of the Bro1 domain revealed a second hydrophobic patch at one tip of the boomerang.	3.5
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	The Bro1 domain is shaped like a banana, and binds to the C-terminal region of Snf7 through a conserved patch near the center of its concave face.	5
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	Furthermore, the interaction between the HPIV1 C proteins and Alix was found to rely on the I212 residue located within an exposed hydrophobic patch on the concave surface of the Bro1 domain.	2
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	Mutations that inhibit CHMP4 binding cluster within an exposed hydrophobic patch on the concave surface of the Bro1 domain, which is thought to be the CHMP4 binding site.	1.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	ALIX contains an effector V domain for binding to the YPXnL motif and polyubiquitin.	4.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	The central V-domain of ALIX is known to bind to highly conserved YPXnL motifs and interacts with an YPX3L motif within the second intracellular loop (ICL2) of PAR1.	4.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	The V domain of Alix is also known to provide a binding module for the YPX3L motif of protease-activated receptor 1, the YPXnL late-domain motif of the p6 domain of the Gag protein of HIV and other viruses that require it for viral budding.	4.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	Three recent studies demonstrate that ALIX harbors a highly conserved ubiquitin-binding region within the V-domain that is distinct from the YPXnL binding site and regulates its activity.	3.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	In the first step, Alix is recruited by Gag to the plasma membrane during assembly through interaction between its V domain and the (L)YPXnL motif in p6 and Alix is thus anchored at the membrane (left).	4
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	The three best characterized viral late assembly domains are: (1) the 'PTAP' motif (Pro-Thr/Ser-Ala-Pro), which binds the UEV domain of the TSG101 subunit of the ESCRT-I complex, (2) the 'YPXnL' motif (Tyr-Pro-Xn-Leu, where X can vary in identity and sequence length), which binds the V domain of the ESCRT factor ALIX, and (3) the 'PPXY' motif (Pro-Pro-X-Tyr), which binds the WW domains of NEDD4 family E3 ubiquitin ligases.	5
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Doa4 is a ubiquitin-specific protease in Saccharomyces cerevisiae that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies (MVBs).	4.5
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Plasma membrane proteins internalized by endocytosis and targeted for degradation are sorted into lumenal vesicles of multivesicular bodies (MVBs) by the endosomal sorting complexes required for transport (ESCRT) machinery.	2
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Although it has been recognized for many years that late endosomes are morphologically identical to MVBs (multivesicular bodies), only recently have we have started to understand the mechanisms by which endocytosed, ubiquitinated membrane proteins are sorted into endosomal lumenal vesicles.	1.5
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	The carboxyl-terminal proline-rich region of Bro1 binds directly to the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its ubiquitin hydrolase activity.	4
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Transmembrane proteins monoubiquitinated on their cytosolic domains are sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late endosomal multivesicular bodies (MVBs; for review see).	1.5
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Sorting of ubiquitinated membrane proteins into lumenal vesicles of multivesicular bodies is mediated by the ESCRT apparatus and accessory proteins such as Bro1, which recruits the deubiquitinating enzyme Doa4 to remove ubiquitin from cargo.	4
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	Coi12p has two FK506-binding domains (FKBDs) and a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR) domain (Fig 5A and Supplementary Fig S4).	1
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	Models determined the boomerang or "banana"-shaped spatial conformation for the N-terminal EhADH112 Bro1 domain, mostly made of alpha-helices forming a solenoid, with helices 6 through 11 arranged in a tetratricopeptide repeat-like structure, and a central core arranged in two extended three-helix bundles forming elongated arms that fold back into a "V" (Figure 1(b)).	5
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	NMB0313 contains an N-terminal single tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR) domain which is similar in structure to Sel1-like domains.	1
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	Crystallographic studies have shown that the Bro1 domain structure resembles a boomerang containing 14 alpha-helices and three beta-sheets that form a tetratricopeptide (TPR) pocket and two exposed hydrophobic patch substructures.	5
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	Swa2 is a multidomain protein with clathrin-binding and ubiquitin-associated domains, a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR) domain, and a J domain.	1
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	As expected, the structure resembles the Bro1 domains of ALIX and Bro1p, with a core comprising three tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like helical hairpins that pack in a right-handed solenoid (helices alpha4-9).	4
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Thus, binding of the YPxL motif in Doa4 by the conserved C terminus of Bro1 is required for Doa4-mediated deubiquitination of MVB cargoes.	5
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Via a YPXL motif at its carboxyl terminus, the p6 domain associates with AIP1/ALIX, a host protein which also interacts with Tsg101 and components of the human ESCRT-III complex.	2
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Bro1 interacts with the Doa4 YPxL motif.	4
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	The Bro1 PSVF motif interacts with the Doa4 YPxL motif.	4
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Our discovery that Bro1 functions in this manner by binding the YPxL motif of Doa4 was guided by previous work showing that the mammalian ortholog of Bro1, Alix, binds a YPxL consensus sequence in Gag protein subunits encoded by HIV-1, EIAV, and MuLV.	4
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Alignment of the UBPY and Doa4 catalytic domain sequences positions the YPxL motif of Doa4 adjacent to helix 12 of UBPY, raising the possibility that binding of Bro1 to this site induces a structural rearrangement that provides the catalytic site of Doa4 access to ubiquitinated MVB cargoes.	4
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	ALIX mRNA encodes a theoretical protein of 846 amino acids, with similar size and domain structure to mammalian ALIX (amino acid identity 21%) and related functional counterparts in Aspergillus nidulans, PalA (amino acid identity 22%), and Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Bro1 (amino acid identity 13%) and Rim20 (amino acid identity 19%).	3
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	Surprisingly, sorting was not prevented by depleting Alix but instead required the Alix-related protein His domain phosphotyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP)/His-Domain/Type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (PTPN23).	2.5
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	Full protein names of interacting partners: ALIX, ALG	2	interacting protein X; ASK1, apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1; CHERP; calcium homeostasis and endoplasmic reticulum protein; DAPK1, death-associated protein kinase 1; HD-PTP, His domain-containing protein tyrosine phosphatase; IST1, increased sodium tolerance-1; PATL1, protein associated with topoisomerase II (PAT)-like 1; PLSCR3, phospholipid scramblase 3; RBM22, RNA-binding motif protein 22; TSG101, tumor susceptibility gene 101; VEGF ***shortened***	1.5
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	Pfam lists 54 proteins containing this domain including Bro1, Alix, Rim20, Rhophilin, the protein tyrosine phosphatase HD-PTP, and Xp95, and their orthologs.	3.5
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	A Bro1 domain is present in proteins with a variety of functions, including mammalian/yeast Alix/Bro1 endocytic proteins, mammalian nonreceptor protein tyrosine phosphatase, type 23 (HD-PTP), and yeast Rim20, a positive regulator of transcription factor Rim101 activity.	4
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	Rim20 belongs to the family of Bro1-domain proteins, which includes Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and mammalian AIP1/Alix.	3.5
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	This suggests that this region in the V domains of Bro1 and Rim20 may have functions similar to those of the Alix V domain.	4
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	In yeast, the Bro1 and Rim20 V domains were shown to have a structure very similar to that of the Alix V domain, although they have a low sequence similarity.	4.5
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	A Bro1 domain is present in proteins with a variety of functions, including mammalian/yeast Alix/Bro1 endocytic proteins, mammalian nonreceptor protein tyrosine phosphatase, type 23 (HD-PTP), and yeast Rim20, a positive regulator of transcription factor Rim101 activity.	2.5
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	Rim20 belongs to the family of Bro1-domain proteins, which includes Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and mammalian AIP1/Alix.	3.5
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	In addition, we showed that there are specificities of each V domain with its target protein; the C-terminal region of Rim101 specifically binds to the Rim20 V domain but not to the Bro1 and Alix V domains.	3.5
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	Alix and Bro1 have in common a conserved N-terminal domain (the "Bro1 domain") that is also conserved in other proteins known to associate with endosomes, including the fungal Rim20/PalA proteins involved in activation of the transcription factors Rim101/PacC in the pH response pathway.	2.5
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	Furthermore, recruitment of Bro1 to the endosome is dependent on Snf7, a component of the ESCRT-III complex.	4
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	Mop is homologous to human HD-PTP, which contains a Bro1 domain able to bind the ESCRT-III complex component Snf7 and a tyrosine phosphatase domain.	4
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	First, current knowledge, including the genetic-epistasis data concerning the bro1Delta and class E vps mutations, the requirement for Snf7 in recruitment of Bro1 to the endosome, and the fact that Bro1 is not needed for formation of the ESCRT-III complex at the endosome, are not consistent with an essential role of Bro1 in assembly of the core ESCRT machinery.	3.5
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	In humans, two distinct Ub hydrolases bind directly to ESCRT-III via microtubule-interacting and trafficking (MIT) domains, and in yeast, recruitment of the Ub hydrolase Doa4 to ESCRT-III is promoted by Bro1, which binds both to Snf7 and to the Doa4 catalytic domain.	4
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	Both proteins interact with the ESCRT III protein Chm4/Snf7 via their Bro1 domain, but their Pro-rich domains (PRDs) have distinct partners: the ESCRT I protein Tsg101 for ALIX, and the DUB Doa4 for Bro1.	4.5
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	These proteins bind ESCRT-I, and have both an N-terminal Bro1 homology domain that binds the ESCRT-III subunit Snf7/CHMP4 and a middle V domain that, in the case of Alix, binds YPxL peptide motifs.	4.5
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	In some fungi, for example Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Candida albicans, Rim20 contains a Bro1 domain, which interacts with Vps32 (also called Snf7) thereby establishing a connection to the endosomal sorting complex required for transport (ESCRT) machinery.	3.5
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	In other fungi, the endosomal sorting complex required for transport (ESCRT) serves as a docking platform for Rim23, Rim20, and Rim13 proteins.	3.5
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	Reassuringly, we identified the bro1 domain-containing proteins alix and brox, known to function in association with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complex Required for Transport) pathway to help mediate intraluminal vesicle formation at multivesicular bodies and the abscission stage of cytokinesis.	4
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	Both HD-PTP and Brox are predicted to contain Bro1 domains based on their sequences and abilities to interact with the ESCRT-III component CHMP4 and association with endosomal compartments.	3.5
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	In mammalian cells, it consists of several protein complexes such as ESCRT-0, ESCRT-I, ESCRT-II and ESCRT-III, plus the VPS4-LIP5 complex, and several associated proteins such as the Bro1 domain-containing proteins Alix, HD-PTP and Brox.	3.5
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	These downstream molecules include endosomal sorting complex required for transport (ESCRT) III subunit Snf7, Bro1 family protein Rim20, and calpain-like cysteine protease Rim13.	3
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	Moreover, it was recently demonstrated that the Alix V domain is capable of interacting with ubiquitin.	2.5
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	To eliminate the possibility that ALIX-V dimerization is driven by the GST fusion, the GST tag was cleaved and removed from GST-ALIX-V to yield a free ALIX-V domain.	4
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	Interestingly, the ALIX V-domain also harbors a novel ubiquitin-binding domain, and recent findings suggest that ALIX dimerization is critical for mediating ALIX function.	4.5
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	Dimerization of ALIX is mediated by the V-domain, and ALIX dimers are present at endosomal membranes (Figure 4).	5
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	For ALIX dimerization, the V domain must be open, which allows antiparallel interaction of the ALIX V domain arms (Figure 3E).	5
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	(a) Overall fold of the Alix V domain.	2
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	For Bro1 purification, Saccharomyces cerevisiae BRO1 was cloned into the pET23d vector (Novagen, Billerica, MA, USA) with an N-terminal His6-tag, induced by 1 mM IPTG at 18oC overnight from BL21 E. coli cells, and purified by TALON metal affinity resin (Clontech).	1.5
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	The N-terminal region of the ORF652 protein (aa 106 to 218) shows sequence similarity with the C-terminal cytochrome c6 domain of the diheme C-type cytochrome FixP from Azorhizobium caulinodans (30% identity over the last 113 aa), while the C-terminal region (aa 223 to 619) shows sequence similarity with a large family of integral membrane proteins, including the FTR1 plasma membrane iron permease of Saccharomyces cerevisiae (30% identity).	1
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	Rim20 belongs to the family of Bro1-domain proteins, which includes Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and mammalian AIP1/Alix.	3
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	The Cse4 protein in Saccharomyces cerevisiae belongs to the family of histone H3-like proteins (CenH3s) that is conserved throughout the eukaryotic kingdom and is characterized by a common C-terminal histone fold domain and a divergent N-terminal domain.	1
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	PAKc contains a Rac-GTPase binding (CRIB) and autoinhibitory domain, a PAK-related kinase domain, an N-terminal phosphatidylinositol binding domain, and a C-terminal extension related to the Gbetagamma binding domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Ste20, the latter two domains being required for PAKc transient localization to the plasma membrane.	1
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	The N-terminal half of the deduced SF3a120 amino acid sequence contains a tandemly repeated motif (the SURP module) that has recently been identified in the essential splicing factor PRP21p of Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the Drosophila alternative splicing regulator suppressor-of-white-apricot, and four proteins from nematodes and mammals; the C-terminal half is organized into a proline-rich region and a ubiquitin-like domain.	1
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	Since EGO-2 has a Bro1 domain and Bro1-domain proteins have been implicated in endosomal trafficking, we speculate that EGO-2 functions in one or more such endosomal process(es) to promote Notch-type signaling in C. elegans.	4
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	The Bro1 domain of yeast Bro1 is sufficient to mediate endosomal localization, and Bro1 domain proteins are important for endocytic trafficking.	5
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	DNM1, a dynamin-related gene, participates in endosomal trafficking in yeast	1
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	Manipulating endosomal trafficking by overexpressing a RAB5 GTPase in Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana) enhanced salt-stress tolerance, and endocytic trafficking is also known to be important for disease resistance, indicating that BRO1 represents a candidate gene to manipulate abiotic stress and disease responses.	3
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	Yeast cells contain two Bro1 domain proteins: Bro1, which is required for endosomal trafficking, and Rim20, which is required for the response to the external pH via the Rim101 pathway.	5
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	The finding that Mop sequences outside the Bro1 domain bind Yki suggests that Mop may regulate the association of Yki with specific endosome-associated protein complexes, or that Mop physically links Yki to the endosomal trafficking of a receptor-like SWH component such as Fat (rev. in).	1.5
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	Seven genes of the wbk locus of Brucella melitensis 16 M were wbkA, gmd, per, wzm, wzt, wbkB, and wbkC, coding, respectively, for proteins homologous to N-formyl-perosaminyltransferase, GDP-mannose 4,6 dehydratase, perosamine synthetase, ABC-type transporter (integral membrane protein), ABC-type transporter (ATPase domain), a hypothetical protein of unknown function, and a putative formyl transferase.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	However, details of the active site structure of the ArnA formyl transferase domain are unknown.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	As ArnA proteins have a formyl transferase domain at the N terminus, the UDP-GlcA decarboxylases were also analyzed with the Pfam database (version 25.0 of March 2011).	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	ALDH1L1 is a multi-domain homotetramer consisting of two distinct catalytic domains, namely an amino-terminal formyl transferase domain and a carboxy-terminal ALDH domain.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	The amino-terminal hydrolase domain of FDH (Nt-FDH) is a homolog of formyl transferase enzymes that utilize 10-formyl-THF as a formyl donor.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	We selected this reaction route, as it involves the engineering of the condensation domain KS and the transferase domains AT and MPT that make up the catalytic core in PKS/FAS proteins.	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	The enzyme that catalyzes the serine-glycine interconversion is folate-dependent serine hydroxymethyl transferase.	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	Formylmethanofuran transferase (FTR) catalyzes the transfer of a formyl group from formylmethanofuran (MFR) to tetrahydromethanopterin (H4MPT) (Fig. 2).	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	The beta-carbon of serine is incorporated into 10-formyl-THF by the sequential action of serine hydroxymethyl transferase (glyA) and the multifunctional enzyme folD, which provides for efficient recycling of the folate cofactor pool during nucleotide synthesis.	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	Stable isotope tracer studies indicate that the one-carbon of 5,10-methyleneTHF is derived either from formate, ATP, NADPH, and THF through the three enzymatic activities of MTHFD1 or, alternatively, from serine through the vitamin B6-dependent activity of SHMT, which catalyzes the transfer of the hydroxymethyl group of serine to THF to generate glycine and 5,10-methyleneTHF (Figure 1).	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	Serine hydroxymethyltransferase (SHMT)3 (l-serine:tetrahydrofolate 5,10-hydroxymethyl transferase; EC 2.1.2.1) is a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP)-dependent enzyme that catalyzes the reversible transfer of a hydroxymethyl group from l-serine to tetrahydrofolate (H4folate), yielding glycine and 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate (CH2-H4folate) as products.	1.5
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	GlyA catalyzes the reversible transfer of a hydroxymethyl group from serine to tetrahydrofolate (THF), forming glycine and the one-carbon unit 5,10-methylene-tetrahydrofolate (5,10-mTHF) (Fig. 1).	1
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	The enzyme GluRS belongs to the class I type of aaRS characterized by a Rossmann fold in the catalytic domain and two specific ATP-binding marker sequences such as HIGH and KMSKS motifs (Eriani et al., 1990).	1
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	It contains a Rossmann-fold domain and shares similarity with the catalytic domain of class-Ic aaRSs, as previously reported for Rv2275.	1.5
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	Similar to other sirtuins, hSIRT1 catalytic domain contains a Rossmann-fold large lobe and a zinc-binding small lobe and undergoes a significant conformational change of domain closure upon substrate/ligand occupying the active site.	1.5
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	TetX2 is a monomer consisting of two domains, a larger N-terminal domain harboring a Rossmann fold responsible for interactions with the adenosine monophosphate of FAD and a smaller C-terminal domain that surrounds the catalytic cavity of the enzyme.	1.5
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	The Class I catalytic domain contains a Rossmann fold and two highly conserved sequence motifs.	1.5
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	The C-terminal part of the catalytic domain contains a Rossmann-like fold with three regions, conserved in alpha2-, alpha6-, and other Fuc-transferases.	1.5
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	However, the structural domain contains a truncated Rossmann fold and other features that prevent NADPH binding, consistent with its presumed role to stabilize the catalytic domain.	1
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Wnts are secreted glycolipoproteins that regulate many aspects of embryonic development, including tissue patterning, cell proliferation, differentiation, and migration.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	The MEF2 transcription factors have roles in muscle, cardiac, skeletal, vascular, neural, blood and immune system cell development through their effects on cell differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis, migration, shape and metabolism.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	They regulate cell proliferation, differentiation, migration, and apoptosis during embryonic development.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	MicroRNAs regulate important physiological processes such as embryonic development, cell cycle checkpoint, cell proliferation, migration, differentiation, and apoptosis.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	It was increasingly clear that miRNAs involve almost all aspects of skeletal muscle development, including cell migration, proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Myc proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development as well as normal cell biology including cell cycle, metabolism, differentiation, senescence, apoptosis, and DNA replication (reviewed in).	1.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	The beta-arrestins (betaarrs) are versatile, multifunctional adapter proteins that are best known for their ability to desensitize G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), but also regulate a diverse array of cellular functions.	1.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) signal via heterotrimeric G-proteins to regulate effector molecules and generate second messengers that activate downstream signaling.	3
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) provide a wide range of signaling capabilities to regulate the activity of downstream cellular targets.	2.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	Metabotropic GABAB receptors are in the C family of G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and mediate slow GABA responses which regulate G-proteins and their downstream signaling (Figure 1).	2.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	In most cell types of the human body, signaling by primary cilia involves different G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), which transmit specific signals to the cell through G proteins to regulate diverse cellular and physiological events.	2
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	Arrestins are multi-functional proteins that regulate signaling and trafficking of the majority of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), as well as sub-cellular localization and activity of many other signaling proteins.	1.5
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	'GC-AG' represents 0.89% of all splicing events, making it the most common SS in Vertebrata after 'GT-AG'.	1
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	The canonical SS 'GT' is found immediately downstream of the transcribed exon (5' SS of the intron) while 'AG' is found upstream of an exon (3' intron SS) in 98.93% of all splicing events in Vertebrata.	1
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	The Selaginella GEX2 structure contains at least 5 copies of the filamin-like domain (Fig. 3).	1
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	The phylogeny and sequence analysis revealed early adaptation of the C-terminal divergent domain in Urochordata, before the expantion of STIMs in Vertebrata.	1
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	AKNAD1 (AKNA domain containing 1) contains a domain found in an AT-hook-containing transcription factor and its alternative splicing can result in multiple transcript variants.	1
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	Note that variants #2 and #3 lack the RGS domain.	1
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	It should be noted that other ubiquitin conjugating enzymes such as Ube1, Ube, and Ubc are highly expressed in testis and could also play important role in spermatogenesis, although their functions are not elaborated in the present review due to space constraints.	1
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	Both ERK1 and ERK2 are expressed in Sertoli and germ cells in the rat testis, and play an important role in spermatogenesis by modulating germ cell adhesion and motility.	1
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	This suggests that Kir3.2 may be expressed in testis and may play a critical role in spermatogenesis.	1
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	In particular, it will be important to determine whether they are associated with reproductive disorders in men, because SHBG is expressed in the human testis and may play a role in spermatogenesis.	1
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	ADAM29 is highly expressed in human testis and is believed to play a role during spermatogenesis.	1
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	Although not studied in the ovary, AKAP11 is highly expressed in the human testis where it is thought to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	1
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	There are more than 20 regulator of G-protein signaling (RGS) proteins, and RGS5 is a member of the R4/B subfamily.	1.5
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	This protein is a member of the large family of RGS (regulator of G protein-signaling) domain containing proteins.	2
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	LARG is a member of the regulator of G protein signaling (RGS)-RhoGEF subfamily.	1
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	Regulator of G protein signaling 4 (RGS4) is a member of the R4 subfamily of RGS proteins and interacts with Galphai/o proteins.	1
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	RGS-PX1, a member of the regulator of G protein signaling (RGS) protein family, functions as a GTPase activating protein (GAP) for Galphas through its conserved RGS domain that interacts specifically with Galphas, but no other Galpha protein.	1
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	Together with two other Dbl family members, the leukemia-associated RhoGEF (LARG) and p115RhoGEF, PDZ-RhoGEF constitutes a newly identified subfamily, the regulator of G protein signaling (RGS) domain-containing RhoGEFs (RGS-RhoGEFs).	1
subunits.	Interactions between subunits.	3.5
subunits.	Only the largest subunits are shown.	3.5
subunits.	Mediator subunits	3.5
subunits.	Subunits	5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Myc proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development as well as normal cell biology including cell cycle, metabolism, differentiation, senescence, apoptosis, and DNA replication (reviewed in).	2
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	While Hox genes present at the 3' end are expressed during early embryonic stages, thereby promoting the development of the proximal end of body axis by stimulating the proliferation and migration of cells, Hox genes at the 5' end are expressed during late embryonic stages, and regulate the development of the distal end of body axis by promoting the differentiation and apoptosis of cells.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	MicroRNAs regulate important physiological processes such as embryonic development, cell cycle checkpoint, cell proliferation, migration, differentiation, and apoptosis.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	The MEF2 transcription factors have roles in muscle, cardiac, skeletal, vascular, neural, blood and immune system cell development through their effects on cell differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis, migration, shape and metabolism.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	It was increasingly clear that miRNAs involve almost all aspects of skeletal muscle development, including cell migration, proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Although originally described as osteogenic factors, BMPs play crucial roles during embryonic development and determine many different aspects of cell fate such as apoptosis, proliferation, differentiation, migration, as well as angiogenesis.	1.5
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	However, under this circumstance the amount of GRK2 translocated to the cell membrane following agonist treatment is not perturbed, indicating that spinophilin blocks binding to receptor-betagamma interactions but does not perturb GRK2 translocation.	3
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	In contrast, in cells that were pretreated overnight with TNF-alpha, agonist stimulation failed to induce GRK2 translocation to the plasma membrane and instead resulted in a time-dependent decrease in the membrane GRK2 level to 80 -+ 3% of basal level within 10 to 20 min (Fig. 2, A and B).	2.5
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	This effect results from a beta2-AR dependent down-regulation of native alpha2A-ARs by EPI accompanied by enhanced translocation of GRK2 and GRK3 to the membrane (required for GRK-mediated phosphorylation of agonist-occupied receptors).	4
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	That agonist-dependent translocation of GRK2, from the cytosol to the plasma membrane, occurs in Cos-7 cells is shown in Fig. 1.	3.5
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	Concurrently, GRK2 associates with dissociated Gbetagamma subunits at the membrane for translocation and subsequent phosphorylation of the agonist-bound receptor.	4.5
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	The C-terminal region of GRK2 contains a pleckstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free Gbetagamma subunits and therefore is involved in its agonist-dependent translocation to the plasma membrane.	4.5
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	G protein-coupled receptor kinase 3 (GRK3) constructs contained amino acids G495-L688 of bovine GRK3 (NP-776925; also known as beta-adrenergic receptor kinases 2 or betaARK2), preceded by a myristic acid attachment peptide (mas; MGSSKSKTSNS) (masGRK3-ct).	4
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	The beta-adrenergic receptor kinase 1 (GRK2) is one of the G protein-coupled receptor serine/threonine kinases (GRKs).3 All seven members of the GRK family (GRK1-7) share a highly homologous kinase domain that is flanked toward the C-terminal by a pleckstrin homology (PH) domain and toward the N-terminal by a regulator of G-protein signaling homology (RH) domain.	5
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	Based on sequence homology and tissue expression, GRKs are further classified into three subfamilies: the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2 and GRK3), and the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5, and GRK6).	4
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	G protein-coupled receptor kinase 3 (GRK3), also known as beta-adrenergic receptor kinase 2, belongs to a subfamily of kinases called GRKs.	4.5
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	The G-protein coupled receptor kinases GRK2 and GRK5 are important regulators of beta-adrenergic signaling.	4
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	Here, we provide evidence that G protein-coupled receptor kinase 1 (GPRK1), which is most similar to the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases, G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 (GRK2) and GRK3, is the fly RK.	3.5
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	WASP also contains a Plekstrin homology domain in its NH2 terminus that serves as a binding site for the inositol phospholipid PIP2.	1.5
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	SHIP-1 is able to down-regulate activatory receptor signalling in several ways but central to its function is the dephosphorylation of membrane phosphatidyl inositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate (PIP3) to phosphatidyl inositol-3,4-bisphosphate (PIP2); preventing the recruitment of plekstrin homology (PH)-domain containing signalling proteins such as Btk to the cell membrane.	2
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	The C-terminal region of GRK2 contains a pleckstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free Gbetagamma subunits and therefore is involved in its agonist-dependent translocation to the plasma membrane.	5
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	The Zizimin subfamily, but not the Zizimin-related subfamily, contains a Plekstrin Homology (PH) domain involved in membrane localization through phospholipid binding.	1.5
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	Figure 3A depicts a representative likely orientation with twist of 75 and tilt of 15 . In this pose, the beta1-beta2 loop of the GRK2 PH domain, a known PIP2 binding determinant, the highly positively charged C-terminal helix of the regulator of G protein signaling homology (RH) domain, and the C-terminus of Ggamma2, which is geranylgeranylated, would all be in reasonable proximity to a common membrane plane.	4.5
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	The expressed proteins contain two invariable sequences, HxK[x]4D[x]6GSxN, or HKD, that are responsible for enzymatic activity, as well as several conserved regions such as a PIP2 binding site, a plekstrin-homology (PH) domain and a phox (PX) domain.	2
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	Seven subtypes of GRKs (GRK1-7) have been identified to date, subdivided into three groups depending on sequence homology: rhodopsin kinases or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3) and the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6).	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	The GRK family contains three subfamilies and seven members: the visual subfamily (GRK1 subfamily), including GRK1 and GRK7, the beta-adrenergic receptor kinase family (GRK2 subfamily), including GRK2 and GRK3, and the GRK4 subfamily, including GRK4, GRK5, and GRK6.	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	Based on sequence homology and tissue expression, GRKs are further classified into three subfamilies: the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2 and GRK3), and the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5, and GRK6).	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	The members of the GRK family are divided into three subfamilies: GRK1 and GRK7 belong to the rhodopsin kinase subfamily; GRK2 and GRK3 belong to the beta-adrenergic receptor kinase subfamily; and GRK4, GRK5, and GRK6 belong to the GRK4 subfamily.	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	GRK family members can be subdivided into three main groups based on sequence homology: visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), the beta-adrenergic receptor kinase subfamily (GRK2/GRK3) and the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6).	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	There are seven subtypes of GRKs (GRK1-7) that have been identified to date, which are subdivided into three classes based on the sequence homology: rhodopsin kinases subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3), and the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5, and GRK6).	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	This is how the primarily cytosolic GRK2 (and the homologous GRK3) localize to the sarcolemmal membrane where it can interact with and phosphorylate an activated GPCR.	4.5
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	The activity of GPCRs is regulated by G protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRKs), a family of serine/theorine kinases that directly phosphorylate intracellular domains of agonist-bound GPCRs and attenuate G protein-dependent signaling via receptor desensitization and/or internalization . In mammals, there are seven GRKs that are classified into three subfamilies based on sequence homology and regulatory mechanisms: the GRK1-like subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), which is restricted to retinal photorecep ***shortened***	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	Among the different isoforms, GRK2 and GRK3 are the most common kinases involved in the regulation of GPCR responsiveness in bone.	4.5
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	Whereas GRK1, GRK7 (retina) and GRK4 (testis) display tissue-specific expression, GRK2, GRK3, GRK5, and GRK6 are ubiquitously expressed throughout the body and phosphorylate the majority of GPCRs.	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	Mammalian GRK2 and GRK3 are both ubiquitously expressed, but GRK3 is present at much higher levels in mouse olfactory epithelia.	5
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	The GRK2 subfamily consists of GRK2 (betaARK1) and GRK3 (betaARK2), which are ubiquitously expressed.	5
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	GRKs are multi-domain proteins with unusual domain structure: their kinase domain (KD) is inserted inside the RGS homology domain (RH), so that the last two helices of RH (RHc) are positioned after KD.	4
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	The seven GRKs proteins described so far contain an N-terminal RGS-homology domain (RH), a catalytic central domain (Kin), and a less conserved C-terminal region responsible for membrane localization that in the case of GRK2 is homologous to a pleckstrin domain (PH).	4
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	All GRKs are multidomain proteins (see Fig. 1 in) consisting of ~30-residue N-terminal region specific for this family, followed by the Regulator of G protein Signaling (RGS) homology domain (RH), and a Ser-Thr protein kinase domain (KD) with high similarity to other AGC protein kinases, such as PKA, PKB, and PKC.	4
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	All GRKs are multi-domain proteins (Fig. 1) consisting of ~25-residue N-terminal region unique to the GRK family of kinases, followed by the regulator of G protein signaling (RGS) homology domain (RH), and a Ser/Thr protein kinase domain (KD) that belongs to the AGC kinase family (Fig. 1).	4.5
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	In addition to a kinase domain, GRKs are known to have a RGS homology (RH) domain.	4
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	Twenty canonical RGS proteins have been identified since their discovery 2 decades ago (reviewed in); they are divided into four subfamilies based on the sequence homology of their ~120 amino acid RGS homology (RH) domain that interacts with one or more G protein alpha subunits, and the size and organization of the additional flanking domains that facilitate additional protein-protein (or protein-lipid) interactions.	4.5
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	The N-terminal tails of the core histone proteins contain highly conserved lysine residues that are sites for post-translational acetylation.	1.5
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	In addition to their ability to deacetylate the highly conserved N-terminal lysines present on histones, other functions of each HDAC, such as acetylation of cytoplasmic proteins, also may contribute to their effects on cellular functions.	1
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	A widespread and conserved eukaryotic modification is N-terminal acetylation.	4
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	In eukaryotes, N-terminal acetylation of proteins is involved in the biological functions, stability and interactions with other proteins and/or peptide receptors.	4
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process.	4.5
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	Although the roles of methionine removal and N-terminal acetylation of MHC have yet to be defined, it is possible that they are involved in the regulation of MHC stability or the interaction of MHC with other proteins.	1
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	Overall, human and mouse CD36 tissue expressions levels were 4-6 times the average level of gene expression which supports the key role played by this enzyme in fatty acid metabolism, especially in liver, muscle and adipose tissue.	1
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	AST is a biochemical enzyme that plays a crucial role in the metabolism of amino acid and exists mainly in liver but as well as in heart, skeletal muscle, kidney, and brain; it is well known that AST is a reliable and sensitive biochemical marker of liver injury.	1
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	Acetyl-L-carnitine is an ester of the trimethylated amino acid L-carnitine that is synthesized in the human brain, liver, and kidneys by the enzyme acetyl-L-carnitine-transferase and plays an essential role in intermediary metabolism.	1
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	5
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	To elucidate if Gcat variant 2 could play a substantial role in amino acid metabolism, we compared the expression of these two variants in murine liver, spleen, lung, kidney, testis, and brain, and we found an average 2,300-fold lower expression of the alternative splice variant 2 compared with variant 1 (Fig. S5).	1
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	AST is an enzyme that is involved in amino acid metabolism, primarily existing in liver as well as heart, skeletal muscles, kidney, and brain.	1
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	The cndp2 gene that translates a dinuclear metalloproteases has 39.5% homology to peptidase family M20 and may belong to the M20A subfamily.	2
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	Eight eGenes from the histologically normal sample eQTL analysis also presented with nominally significant ASE (Figure 5A through D; Supplementary Table 12) including BTN3A2 (butyrophilin subfamily 3 member A2, P=5.3x10-11), FAM118A (family with sequence similarity 118 member A, P=4.4x10-10), PM20D1 (peptidase M20 domain containing 1, P=3.6x10-7) and RFWD3 (ring finger and WD repeat domain 3, P=2.6x10-4).	1
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	Furthermore, 4 genes with CpG island hypermethylation were identified, including peptidase M20 domain containing 1 (PM20D1).	1.5
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	The coordination of metals by this bridging cysteine residue seems to be a unique feature of ILL2 and yxeP, both members of the peptidase M20D family, that clearly distinguishes these enzymes from other structurally characterized enzymes from the M20 family, in which a conserved aspartate coordinates metals in a bidentate mode (Asp141 in CPG2, Figure 2b).	2.5
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	The peptidase M20 family including carboxypeptidases belongs to zinc peptidases which play vital roles in metabolic and signaling pathways throughout all kingdoms of life (Rawlings and Barrett).	2
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	A2aR, adenosine A2a receptor; AMPK, AMP-activated protein kinase; beta-AR, beta-adrenergic receptor; BAIBA, beta-aminoisobutyric acid.; BBR, berberine; CaMKII, Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II; CAP, capsaicin; 7,8 DHF, 7,8 dihydroxyflavone; DNP, dinitrophenol; Fx, fucoxanthin; Hes, hairy and enhancer of split; IFN, interferon; Jaki, Jak inhibitor; p38 MAPK, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase; Pgc-1alpha, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator-1alpha PKA, protei ***shortened***	1
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	These include (i) a detailed assessment of the basis for the catalytic promiscuity of E. coli alkaline phosphatase, which can also act as a sulfatase; (ii) a new family of lactonases that hydrolyze a variety of lactones, possess low phosphotriesterase activities, and have been shown to be the source of a newly evolved and highly efficient phosphotriesterase; (iii) a gentisate dioxygenase that also functions with 1,4-dihydroxy	2	napthoate and salicylate; (iv) an ATP-dependent hexokinase from Sulf ***shortened***	1
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	Cont, control; IS, indoxyl sulfate; PCS, p-cresyl sulfate; PhS, phenyl sulfate; HA, hippuric acid; IAA, indoleacetic acid; NAC, N-acetyl-L-cysteine.	1
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	N-acetyl-l-tyrosine and L-glutamic acid are amino acids.	1
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	The binding of AA3 to HCVCP peptides suggested that AA3 may potentially deacetylate them although the substrate specificity of AA3, which deacetylates N-acetyl aromatic amino acids and mercapturic acids (N-acetyl-S-conjugates of L-cysteine) with bulky side chains, did not support this suggestion.	3
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	Aminoacylase 3 (AA3) is a member of the aminoacylase family of enzymes that deacylates a broad range of substrates including both Nalpha-acetylated amino acids and S-cysteine conjugates of N-acetyl-l-cysteine (mercapturic acids) (Fig. 1).	3
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	To determine the substrate specificity, several N-acetylated amino acids, N-alpha-acetyl-l-asparagine, N-alpha-acetyl-l-ornithine, N-alpha-acetyl-l-lysine, and N-e-acetyl-l-lysine, were tested.	1.5
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	Aminoacylase-1 removes the acyl group, making the amino acid available for protein synthesis and other metabolic roles, and acts specifically on mercapturic acids (S-conjugates of N-acetyl-L-cysteine) and neutral aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids.	4.5
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	AA, amino acids; drvs, derivatives; NS, nucleosides; FFA, free fatty acid; LPA, lysophosphatidic acid; NAA, N-acetyl-aspartate; NAAG, N-acetyl-aspartyl-glutamate; GSH, glutathione (reduced); GSSG, (oxidized); UMP, uridine monophosphate; IMP, inosine monophosphate; GMP, guanosine monophosphate; AMP, adenosine monophosphate; MTA, methylthioadenosine; SAMe, S-adenosyl-L-methionine; GPE, glycerophosphoethanolamine; GPC, glycerophosphocholine.	1
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	Gene annotation analyses showed that L. amylovorus JBD401 has a complete set of genes for bioconversion of L-glutamate to various amino acids, including glutamine synthetase type I (EC 6.3.1.2) at AB283-1841, aspartate aminotransferase (EC 2.6.1.1) at AB283-0491/0739/0740, N-acyl-L-amino acid amidohydrolase (EC 3.5.1.14) at AB283-1076, and N-acetyl-L,L-diaminopimelate aminotransferase (EC 2.6.1) at AB283-0863 (Fig. 6).	1
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	There are three types of aminoacylases: (i) aminoacylase 1 (AA1) deacetylates neutral aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids and mercapturic acids; (ii) aminoacylase 2 or aspartoacylase (AA2) has a strict specificity for Nalpha-acetyl-l-aspartate (NAD); and (iii) aminoacylase 3 (AA3) preferentially deacetylates Nalpha-acetylated aromatic amino acids and mercapturic acids that are usually not deacetylated by AA1.	4
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	Thus, acetylated amino acids such as N-acetyl-L-lysine (rank #40), N-acetyl-D-methionine (rank #171), N-acetyl-D-cysteine (3) (rank #218), N-acetyl-L-leucine (rank #313), and N-acetyl-D-phenylalanine (48) (rank #440) (Figure S1) and other metabolites such as N-carbamoyl-L-aspartate, N-acetyl-D-glucosaminate and oxalureate were found at the top of the docking list.	1
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	Amino acids with aliphatic side chains: isoleucine (I), leucine (L), methionine (M), valine (V); amino acids with hydroxyl groups: serine (S), threonine (T); aromatic amino acids: phenylalanine (F), tryptophan (W), tyrosine (Y); basic amino acids: arginine (R), lysine (K); acidic amino acids: aspartate (D), glutamate (E); other amino acids: alanine (A), asparagine (N), cysteine (C), glutamine (Q), glycine (G), histidine (H), proline (P).	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	On the other hand, peptide synthesis using protease-catalyzed reverse reaction has been extensively studied with a variety of amino acids and peptide derivatives as coupling components.	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	Kinases bind covalently a phosphate group onto specific amino-acids, most frequently serine, threonine or tyrosine, while phosphatases catalyze the reverse reaction.	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	Phenylalanine ammonia-lyases catalyze the non-oxidative ammonia elimination from l-phenylalanine to yield (E)-cinnamic acid [(E)-CA].1 They are most commonly found in fungi and plants, where cinnamic acid is the starting material for the biosynthesis of an array of natural products ranging from flavonoids to lignins.2 Industrial applications make use of the reverse reaction for the synthesis of unnatural amino acids.	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	In addition, the luminous energy absorbed by photopigments can also engage in the second photoperiodic reaction to catalyze the increase of reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH), which may provide energy and electron for the synthesis of amino acids and proteins in dark reaction.	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	This enzyme can also catalyze the reverse reaction as the first step in synthesis of polyhydroxybutyrate, which may be used as a carbon and energy reserve when nitrogen and/or phosphorus are limiting.	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	During the period of this study, YwaA and YbgE were shown to catalyze an aminotransferase reaction with these amino acids as substrates (rather than products) for the synthesis of methionine.	2
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	The lipid kinase, sphingosine kinase (SK), plays a myriad of roles in regulating cell survival, growth, and migration of mammalian cells through its product, sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P).	3
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	For example, caspase-dependent sphingosine kinase 1 (SphK1) upregulation leading to increased sphingosine	1	phosphate (S	1	P) secretion has been demonstrated to occur during apoptosis and can potently stimulate the chemotaxis of monocyte/macrophage cell lines.	2.5
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Sphingosine kinase 1 (SPHK1) and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate (S1P) are the essential key regulator molecules in breast cancer through their ability to promote cell proliferation, angiogenesis, cell proliferation, and lymphagiogenesis.	3
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Interestingly, IL15, a cytokine from monocytes that elicits cell proliferation of NK cells, and SPHK1 (sphingosine kinase 1) that phosphorylates sphingosine yielding sphingosine	1	phosphate, a key sphingolipid signaling molecule involved in cell growth, survival, differentiation, and motility.	3
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Sphingosine kinase 1 (SphK1) phosphorylates the membrane sphingolipid, sphingosine, to sphingosine	1	phosphate (S1P), an oncogenic mediator, which drives tumor cell growth and survival.	3
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Accumulating evidence suggests that the bioactive sphingolipids, such as sphingosine	1	phosphate (S1P) and its generating enzyme, sphingosine kinase 1 (SphK1) play pivotal roles in several important biological functions including promoting tumor growth and carcinogenesis.	3
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Propidium iodide (PI), 5,5',-dithio-bis(2-nitrobenzoic acid), 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol	2	yl)-2,5-di-phenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT), anti-rabbit IgG tetramethylrhodamine isothiocyanate- (TRITC-) conjugated secondary antibody, xylenol orange, N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC), and rhodamine 123 (Rh-123) were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich (St. Louis, MO), while 2',7'-dichloro-fluorescin diacetate (DCFH-DA), diphenyl	1	pyrenylphosphine (DPPP), 3'-tetraethylbenzimidazolocarbocyanine iodide (JC-1), 5-chlorometh ***shortened***	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Absorbed ITCs are conjugated to glutathione in the liver and excreted in the urine as mercapturic acid (N-acetyl-S-(N-alkylthiocarbamoyl)-l-cysteine), which account for 12-80% of the ingested dose of ITC.	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	For example, folic acid was conjugated to PEG and subsequently deposited onto N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC)-stabilized CdTeS alloyed QDs, which was demonstrated to be capable of tumor targeting in mouse models.	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Competitors such as ZER, NacZER, succinic acid, and NAC (N-acetyl-L-cysteine) were added to hapten moiety conjugated BSA-coated wells with a primary Ab solution.	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	L-dopa has been conjugated to a number of other agents including entacapone (a COMT inhibitor marketed under the trade name Stalevo ), cysteine, N-acetyl cysteine, l-Methionine, lipoic acid, caffeic acid and carnosine.	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Abundant metabolites include the reaction product between lysine and BDA, L	2	(acetylamino)	6	(2,5-dihydro	2	oxo-1H-pyrrol	1	yl)hexanoic acid (1), and downstream metabolites of cysteine-BDA-lysine cross-links, N-acetyl-S-[1-(5-amino	5	carboxylpentyl)-1H-pyrrol	3	yl]-L-cysteine (2) and its sulfoxide (3) as well as the N-acetyllysine derivatives of these compounds (4 and 5, respectively).	1
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	This may reflect the structural differences in the two kinases in that the N-SH2 domain in Zap-70, but not the equivalent in Syk, requires part of the C-SH2 domain for the formation of the phosphotyrosine binding pocket.	3
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	In T cells, dissociation of the Fyn SH2 domain from the zeta chain would make ITAM phosphotyrosine residues on zeta accessible for binding to the SH2 domains of other signaling molecules, such as ZAP-70.	2
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	The crystal structure of the complex of the N terminus of ZAP-70 bound to a doubly phosphorylated ITAM peptide showed that the second SH2 domain binds the first phosphorylated tyrosine of the peptide in the usual SH2-ligand manner, while the second phosphorylated tyrosine interacts with both SH2 domains in a unique manner due to the presence of an incomplete phosphotyrosine (PTyr)-binding pocket in the N-terminal SH2 domain, which is made functional by the close proximity of the other SH2 domain ***shortened***	4.5
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	One such molecule is ZAP-70, also a PTK, which binds via its tandem SH2 domains to the two phosphotyrosine residues of individual ITAMs.	4
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	Tandem SH2 domains of ZAP-70 were reported to have a dominant-negative effect on downstream signaling, suggesting that irreversible intramolecular binding of the tSH2ZAP-70 in the reporter could protect phosphorylated ITAMs from the action of phosphotyrosine phosphatases.	3
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	a Recruitment of SYK or ZAP-70 to plasma membrane receptors through binding of the tandem SH2 domains of SYK/ZAP-70 to two phosphotyrosine residues in the receptor complex.	3
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	(C) Schematic drawing showing that not the ITAM phosphorylation tyrosines but the binding of the two tandem SH2 domains of Syk to the phosphorylated ITAM tyrosines is opening the BCR.	3
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	Phosphorylated ITAM serves as the docking site for the two SH2 domains of Syk with an anti-parallel binding orientation: the SH2-N of Syk binds to the COOH-terminal phospho-tyrosine of the ITAM while the SH2-C binds to the NH2-terminal phospho-tyrosine.	3
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	Doubly phosphorylated ITAMs then recruit Syk-family kinases, either ZAP-70 or Syk, whose tandem SH2 domains provide specific, high-affinity binding to ITAM phosphotyrosines.	3
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	Many ITAM-associated myeloid receptors utilise the kinase, Syk, where both SH2 domains of Syk interact with the two phosphotyrosines within the ITAM to render Syk fully active.	3
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	Syk recruitment to ITAMs requires engagement of two ITAM cis phosphotyrosines with the two SH2 domains of the kinase.	3
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	Upon ligand binding, tyrosines in the ITAM sequences are phosphorylated by Src family kinases, providing a docking site for Syk (spleen tyrosine kinase) by interacting with the two SH2 (Src homology 2) domains of Syk.	3
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	The Src-family and Syk/ZAP-70 family of protein tyrosine kinases (PTK) are required for T cell receptor (TCR) functions.	4
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	T-cell antigen receptor (TCR) engagement activates multiple protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs), including the Src family member, Lck, and the Syk-related PTK, ZAP-70.	2.5
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	Upon binding NK-sensitive target cells, non-receptor protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) such as Syk, ZAP-70, Src and Pyk2 are activated.	2.5
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	Antigen receptor-triggered T-cell activation is mediated by the sequential action of the Src and Syk/Zap-70 families of protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs).	3
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	Current models of antigen/MHC induced T-cell activation suggest that there is a sequential interaction of Src and ZAP-70/Syk protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) with the TCR/CD3/complex.	2.5
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	Early events in T-cell activation involve the phosphorylation of ITAM sequences on the zeta chain, recruitment of p56lck tyrosine kinase and the activation the Syk/ZAP-70 family of protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs).	2.5
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Their beneficial effect is mediated, at least partly, through immune stimulation, for instance by activating NK cells via the FcgammaRIII (CD16) receptors and by inducing a memory T-cell response against the targeted antigen.	1.5
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Unlike lymphocytes of the adaptive immune system, such as T and B cells, activation of NK cells is not dominated by a single primary receptor but by a diverse set of germline-encoded activating and inhibitory NK receptors (NKRs).	1
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Unlike T cells, which depend on RAG-mediated somatic recombination of immune receptors, NK cells are characterized by simultaneous expression of various inhibitory and activating receptors of the lectin and immunoglobulin superfamily.	1
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Many of the activating immune receptors (e.g., TCR/CD3 on T cells, surface Ig on B cells, and FcR on NK cells and myeloid cells) are comprised of separate ligand-binding and signal-transducing subunits.	1.5
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Elevations of [Ca2+]i occur following engagement of receptors on adaptive and innate immune cells including T and B cells, NK cells, mast cells, dendritic cells, neutrophils and macrophages . Immunoreceptors that generate Ca2+ signals include T cell, B cell, FcgammaR and FcepsilonR receptors, activating NK cell receptors as well as G-protein coupled chemokine receptors . In T and B cells, antigen binding activates the protein tyrosine kinases lck, syk and ZAP-70 resulting in the phosphorylation  ***shortened***	3
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Thus, unlike T and B cells that create antigen-specific diversity by genetic recombination, NK cells generate ligand-specific diversity by acquiring an assortment of inhibitory and activating receptors; however, the mechanisms that regulate NK cell receptor acquisition during development are not well understood.	1
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	SH2 domains are present in a large number of signal-transduction proteins.	5
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	SH2 (Src homology 2) domains are found as modules in many proteins involved in cell signal transduction pathways.	5
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	Additional studies are needed to determine the extent to which the SH3 and/or SH2 domains of Src and Fyn are involved in their interactions with alphaIIbbeta3 and components of the alphaIIbbeta3 signal transduction pathway, whether such interactions contribute to activation of these SFKs, and how the activity of these enzymes is controlled following alphaIIbbeta3 engagement.	2.5
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	With a similar function to the SH3 domains, Src homology 2 (SH2) domains (Fig 2b) are also involved in the mediation of intra- and intermolecular interactions that are important in signal transduction.	4.5
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	In rare instances, these changes could mark a major evolutionary advance, as in the acquisition of pTyr-binding activity by SH2 domains and their joining to a new set of domains involved in signal transduction.	4
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	In vitro association of Vav with SH2 and SH3 domains from different molecules involved in signal transduction.	3
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	SH2 domains mediate many signal transduction processes through their ability to bind phosphorylated tyrosine (pTyr)-containing polypeptides.	3.5
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	SH2 domains generally bind ligands with a linear conformation, in which the third residue after phosphorylated tyrosine (pY+3) contacts a hydrophobic binding pocket on the domain's surface.	3.5
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	Through their SH3 domains, these proteins are able to bind effectors harboring poly-proline motifs, and link them to phosphorylated tyrosine (pTyr)-containing proteins, to which adaptors are bound via their single SH2 domain.	3.5
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	Domain designations are as follows: CSRD, cysteine/serine-rich domain; TBD, tubulin-binding domain; RasGAP, Ras GTPase-activating protein; Sec14, Sec14-homology domain; PH, pleckstrin homology domain that can target protein to appropriate cellular location and bind inositol phosphates and other proteins; NLS, nuclear localization signal; SH2, domain that binds phosphotyrosine-containing ligands via two surface pockets (a phosphotyrosine pocket and a hydrophobic binding pocket); SH3, domain that  ***shortened***	2.5
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	SH2 domains localize tyrosine phosphorylated sites while SH3 domain binds to target proteins through sequences containing proline and hydrophobic amino acids.	3.5
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	The Shc proteins are a family of adaptors containing N-terminal PTB and C-terminal SH2 domains, each of which bind phosphorylated tyrosine (pTyr) residues in the context of specific amino acid sequences.	3
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	Like human Syk, mouse Syk consists of two SH2 domains and a kinase domain at C-terminus.	3.5
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	As suggested we cloned Syk for expression of the full-length protein in E. coli, as well as a shorter fragment expressing the two SH2 domains in the N-terminus of Syk fused to a C-terminal GST protein.	3
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	It has been reported that ten sites of Syk are autophosphorylated (Figure 1(b)): one site located in the N-terminal between two SH2 domains, five sites located in the interdomain region between the C-terminal SH2 domain and the kinase domain, two sites located in the kinase domain, and two sites at C-terminus.	3.5
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	The kinase activity of Syk is controlled by an auto-inhibited conformation consisting of a regulatory region that contains two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains inhibiting the catalytic activity of the kinase domain located at the C-terminus.	3
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	The domain structure of Syk comprises a regulatory region at the N-terminus consisting of two SH2 domains, followed by the catalytic kinase domain at the C-terminus (Fig 1A).	3.5
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	Syk contains tandem N-SH2 and C-SH2 domains at its N-terminus, followed by a C-terminal kinase domain.	3.5
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	This hypothesis is consistent with the fact that several SH2 domains found on Syk-interacting proteins contain two phosphotyrosine-binding pockets and these interact with Syk preferentially when both Y342 and Y346 are phosphorylated.	3.5
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	As in Zap-70, the phosphotyrosine binding pockets of the two Syk SH2 domains are located in non occluded areas of the molecule and therefore are fully accessible for recognition and binding to the phosphorylated ITAM sequences (Fig. 3B).	3
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	Our studies revealed that the kinase domain as well as the phosphotyrosine-binding function of both SH2 domains of Syk are needed for optimal vascular separation.	3
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	Within Syk there are two phosphotyrosine-binding SH2 domains, allowing for protein-protein interactions.	3.5
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	Structural analysis of Syk binding to a dually phosphorylated ITAM peptide revealed that the two SH2 domains of Syk act independently, each binding to one phosphotyrosine in the ITAM.	3.5
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	Furthermore, the SH2 domains of Syk both form a complete phosphotyrosine binding pocket, making them independently functional.	4
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	Previous work suggests that the SH2 domains of SHPs may serve at least two types of function.	1
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	This association is mediated by the SH2 domains of Syk and is believed to be critical for activating signaling pathways resulting in mediator release.	2
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	Both the SH2 and pre-SH2 domains were required for the function of SSI-1.	1.5
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	Mutations in the SH2 domains.	1
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	The SH2 domains of Fps and Fer function in mediating phosphotyrosine-dependent interactions with putative substrates.	1
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	The SH2 domains of ZAP70 are essential for its function by acting as docking sites for the ITAMs of the TCR complex.	1.5
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	We then observed that Zap-70, which is expressed at high levels in T cells, is absent in several HTLV	1	infected T cells, whereas Syk, which is mostly expressed in B cells, mast cells, platelets, and immature T cells, is expressed in HTLV	1	infected T cells.	4.5
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, immature T cells, and platelets, whereas ZAP-70 is in T cells and natural killer cells.	5
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	While Syk is expressed in B lymphocytes, immature T cells, natural killer (NK) cells and basophils, ZAP-70 is found predominantly in T cells.	5
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	The primary aminoacid sequence of Syk is homologous to that of ZAP-70, the expression of which is mostly confined to T and natural killer (NK) cells.	4
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	ZAP-70 is expressed exclusively in thymocytes, T cells, and natural killer (NK) cells, whereas Syk is expressed in a wide variety of hematopoietic cells including B cells and mast cells as well as peripheral T cells.	5
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	The cellular components of the immune-inflammatory response include leukocytes, such as monocytes-macrophages, polymorphonuclear neutrophils, eosinophils and basophils, platelets, dentritic cells, mast cells, epithelial and endothelial cells, and fibroblasts which belong to the innate immune system, as well as lymphocytes T, B and natural killer (NK) which are included in the adaptive immune system.	2
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	Engagement of CD16 induces SRC tyrosine kinase-dependent phosphorylation of immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs (ITAM) on the adaptor chains CD3zeta and FcepsilonRgamma, which in turn recruit and activate SYK and ZAP-70 tyrosine kinases for downstream signaling.	4
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	The consensus is that these receptors share a common mechanism of activation, where receptor crosslinking initiates Src family-mediated phosphorylation of immunoreceptor tyrosine based activation motifs (ITAMs), recruitment of Syk/ZAP-70 and propagation of signaling.	4.5
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	The immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs (ITAM) of the signal-transducing antigen receptor subunit (CD3 and zeta) are phosphorylated by Src PTK thus allowing the Syk family PTK ZAP-70 to bind to the ITAM.	3.5
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	The initial event involves the activation of membrane-anchored Src-family kinases (SFKs), such as Lck and Fyn, which phosphorylate the immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs within the signaling subunits of the receptor, thus creating docking sites to recruit Syk or ZAP-70 PTKs.	5
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	The progression of the signaling events following FcepsilonRI aggregation requires initial phosphorylation of specific tyrosine residues in the immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs (ITAMs) contained within the beta and gamma chains of the FcepsilonRI which respectively leads to recruitment of the Src family kinases Lyn and Fyn to the beta chain and the ZAP 70 family member Syk to the gamma chain domodimer.	3.5
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	DAP12 and FcepsilonRI-gamma deliver activating signals through immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs [ITAM; Yxx(L/I/V)x6-8Yxx(L/I/V)] in their cytoplasmic domains, which are phosphorylated by Src family kinases and recruit Syk/ZAP-70 family protein tyrosine kinases to mediate downstream activation signaling.	4
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	Domain designations: TKB, Tyrosine Kinase-Binding; 4H, four-helical bundle; SH2, Src-Homology 2; RF, RING Finger; L, Linker helical region; P, Proline-rich region; U, Ubiquitin-associated (UBA) domain; The amino acid sequences were compared to human Cbl and Cbl-b and are shown as two values separated by "/" under % identity and similarity for whole protein (or available partial sequence; shown with // across C-terminal end) and for the N-terminal domains (TKB, Linker and RF).	1
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	SYK includes two N-terminal Src Homology 2 (SH2) domains, one C-terminal kinase domain and two interdomain linkers.	5
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	Src family kinases exhibit a similar structure comprised of (i) an N-terminal region containing myristoylation and palmitoylation sites that determine the cellular localization and confer unique functions to the Src family members; (ii) a Src homology 3 (SH3) domain that binds directly to proline-rich regions; (iii) a Src homology 2 (SH2) domain that interacts with a phosphotyrosine residue on either itself or other proteins; (iv) a linker domain connecting the SH2 and kinase domains, which inte ***shortened***	2
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	Syk is a member of the Syk/ZAP-70 family of nonreceptor kinases and is characterized by two N-terminal Src homology 2 domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated by a flexible linker ().	5
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	Spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk) is a non-receptor tyrosine kinase, comprising two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains, a linker region, and one kinase domain in its C-terminal region.	5
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	Syk belongs to the Syk/ZAP-70 family of nonreceptor kinases and is characterized by two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain, which are separated by a flexible linker.	5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) constitute an ancient family of enzymes that catalyze aminoacylation reactions by attaching amino acids to cognate tRNAs.	5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) constitute an ancient family of enzymes that catalyze the attachment of amino acids onto their cognate transfer RNAs (tRNAs).	4.5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs)2 are a large and diverse family of enzymes that catalyze the attachment of amino acids to their cognate tRNAs in a two-step aminoacylation reaction as follows: 1) amino acid activation by ATP hydrolysis to form an aminoacyl-adenylate intermediate, and 2) transfer of the aminoacyl moiety from the intermediate to the cognate tRNA isoacceptor to form aminoacyl-tRNA (aa-tRNA).	4
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) are enzymes that catalyze the transfer of amino acids to their cognate tRNAs as building blocks for translation.	4.5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (AARSs) are a family of 20 enzymes that catalyze the first step of protein synthesis by esterifying specific amino acids on the 3' ends of their cognate tRNAs.	4.5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs)3 are a family of canonical and diverse enzymes that catalyze the esterification of the amino acids to the cognate tRNAs in a two-step reaction, supplying the building blocks, aminoacyl-tRNAs (aa-tRNAs) for protein biosynthesis.	4.5
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	ARSs catalyze aminoacylation in a two-step reaction, wherein the cognate amino acid is first condensed with ATP to form an aminoacyl-adenylate intermediate followed by transfer of the amino acid to the 3'-adenosine of tRNA.	3
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	These enzymes catalyze a two-step process in which the amino acid is activated by formation of an enzyme-bound aminoacyl-adenylate intermediate followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to either the 2'-OH or the 3'-OH on the 3'-terminal adenosine of the tRNA.	3
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	This ligation reaction is a two-step process, where the amino acid is first activated by ATP to form an aminoacyl adenylate (aa-AMP) intermediate, followed by the transfer of the activated aa-AMP to the adenosine residue located at the 3' end of the tRNA:forming the aa-tRNA.	4.5
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	The aminoacylation reaction performed by aaRSs usually involves a two-step process in which the amino acid is first activated by adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to form an aminoacyl-adenylate (aa-AMP) intermediate and followed by transfer of the amino acid moiety of the aa-AMP to the 2'- or 3'- hydroxyl group of the terminal adenosine of tRNA to produce an aminoacyl-tRNA.	4.5
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	This reaction proceeds by the synthesis of an aminoacyl-adenylate, as an activated intermediate, from the amino acid and ATP (reaction 1); and the transfer of the aminoacyl moiety to the 3'-terminal adenosine (designated as A76) of the cognate tRNA to yield the aminoacyl-tRNA (reaction 2).	4
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	AARSs catalyze formation of AA-tRNAs in two steps at the same active site: activation of the amino acid with ATP to form an aminoacyl-adenylate (AA-AMP), and transfer of the amino acid moiety to the 2'- or 3'-hydroxyl group (OH) of the tRNA terminal adenosine (A76).	4.5
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	For instance, a motif with homology to the C-terminal domain of glutathione-S-tranferase (GST-like domain) occurs frequently in proteins associated with translation and is known to drive pairwise protein-protein interactions in these assemblies.	3.5
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	The cytoplasmic copy of GluRS (orf19.7057) had an additional glutathione-S-transferase (GST-C) domain appended at the N-terminus (Figure 5), like the human bifunctional glutamate/proline--tRNA synthetase.	3
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	The protein is linked together via 5 long disordered regions (36-, 47-, 33-, 40- and 68-residue, respectively) that joins the N-terminal GST domain, the GluRS core, the first, second and third WHEP domains and the C-terminal ProRS core (Figure 1B).	2
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	The GST-N-terminal TERF1 (amino acids 2-251) encompassed the TRFH domain that controls TERF1 dimerization and protein-protein interactions, whereas the GST-C-terminal TERF1 (amino acids 240-421) spanned the DNA-binding Myb-like domain (Figure 4B).	1
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	In order to test whether this domain of NrsD is involved in metal binding, a chimeric protein comprising amino acids 403 to 445 of NrsD (C-NrsD) fused to the GST was expressed in E. coli (Fig. 4B).	1
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	IleRS from C. elegans does not share the two C-terminal repeated domains of human IleRS; MetRS in C. elegans has a very distinct structural organization, without a N-terminal GST-like domain and with a p43-like C-terminal domain; and GluRS and ProRS do not form a fused protein in C. elegans (Figure 3).	3
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	Some types of mammalian aaRSs interact with translational elongation factor (EF)-1 via this GST C-terminal domain, and this interaction is thought to facilitate the vectorial transfer of aminoacylated tRNAs.	1.5
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	Through a series of structural and biochemical studies it has been shown that the GST-like domain of the hybrid Arc1p scaffold protein is solely responsible for the associations with the aaRSs of the complex and that these dimerization interfaces are contributed by independent sites in the same motif.	2
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	For example, the number of aaRSs carrying the GST domain increases from two in fungi to four in insects, to five in fish, and six in humans.	2
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	Not surprisingly, all AARSs containing a GST-like domain are found in complexes with other proteins.	2.5
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	Structurally, cytosolic GSTs (also known as soluble GSTs and distinguished from the membrane-associated GSTs and the metallo-GSTs) function as dimers; each monomer is composed of a conserved thioredoxin domain containing the glutathione (GSH) binding site followed by a more variable alpha-helical domain (the GST C domain) containing the binding site for the GSH acceptor substrate.	1.5
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	In the first experiments, we replaced the C terminal domain of WH2-containing constructs with glutathione S-transferase (GST), which forms high affinity dimers.	1
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	Apart from their basic function of charging tRNA molecules for protein synthesis, non-canonical functions like ribosomal RNA biogenesis, angiogenesis, apoptosis, transcriptional regulation, and cell signaling have also been reported for several aaRSs.	3.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	A few other genes and pathways showed a conserved transcriptional response among different Gram-positive species examined, including the (p)ppGpp-independent regulation of the T box-regulated aaRSs genes, which are negatively regulated by the ratio of charged : uncharged tRNA species, and the (p)ppGpp-dependent induction of genes involved in amino acid biosynthesis, nutrient transport and stress responses.	1.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	These proteins, however, have acquired various additional functions through evolution, which lead to specific aaRSs being involved in a broad repertoire of functions extending to several critical cellular activities, such as tRNA processing, RNA splicing, RNA trafficking, and transcriptional and translational regulation.	4
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	aaRSs are not only involved in protein synthesis but also in various other cellular activities including intron splicing, translational regulation and tRNA channeling.	4.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	Apart from their canonical tRNA aminoacylation function, several aaRSs acquired additional functional domains during evolution, which mediate non-canonical functions in a diversity of biological processes, including inflammation, transcriptional regulation, translational regulation, apoptosis, rRNA transcription, angiogenesis, cell-signaling, autoimmune response, tRNA maturation, and mitochondrial RNA splicing 10, 12, 13. Finally, nine cytoplasmic aaRSs and three auxiliary proteins (aaRS-interac ***shortened***	3.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	Because gene expression is a complex process that is controlled at multiple steps, such as transcriptional regulation, post-transcriptional regulation (RNA processing, RNA stability), ribosome occupancy and density, tRNA availability, translational regulation, post-translational regulation, and protein stability, RNA and protein levels are not always well-correlated.	1.5
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	The formation of a ternary complex that is excluded from the nucleus represents a simple way of controlling the relative subcellular distribution of Arc1p, GluRS and MetRS.	3.5
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	In the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, an evolutionary intermediate aaRS complex exists, formed by the two class I aaRS MetRS and GluRS and the tRNA aminoacylation cofactor Arc1p, which shares sequence homology with all three accessory components of higher eukaryotes.	3.5
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	It is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi- aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	3.5
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	Also, the formation of a ternary complex between GluRS, MetRS, and the Arc1p protein has been described in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.	3
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	Interestingly, the yeast MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex is formed through two binary GST-GST domain interactions of MetRS-Acr1p and Arc1p-GluRS (Detailed assembly of the complex will be discussed in the next section).	3
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	For instance, in the single celled yeast (S. cerevisiae), the aaRS complex is a relatively simple ternary complex comprising MetRS, GluRS and Arc1p (aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase cofactor 1 protein) (Figure 9).	3
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	Additional data show that deletion of GST homology domain from the C-terminal region of p38 results in the dissociation of EPRS (Glutamyl-prolyl-tRNA synthetase) and MetRS from the MSC complex.	2
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	Note: iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase; NO, nitric oxide; HO-1, heme oxygenase-1; GST, glutathione-S-transferase; NADP-2; NADH quinone oxidoreductase 1 NAD(P)H dehydrogenase, quinone1; NF-kappaB, nuclear factor kappa B; TNF-R1, TNF receptor-associated factor-1; AP-1, activating protein-1; Bcl-2, B-cell lymphoma protein 2; BAX, Bcl	2	associated X protein; Bid, BH3-interacting domain death; GST, glutathione-stransferase; GR, glutathione reductase; GGCS, gamma-glutamyl cystein synthetase; PI3  ***shortened***	1
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	Mammalian valyl-tRNA synthetase, glutaminyl-prolyl-tRNA synthetase (EPRS), the largest isoform of human cysteinly tRNA synthetase, and glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (ERS) in some species, also contain a GST domain located in their N-terminal regions.	2
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	AccA, acetyl-CoA carboxylase, carboxyl transferase, alpha subunit; AckA, acetate kinase; Adk, adenylate kinase; AhpC, alkyl hydroperoxide reductase C subunit; AlaS, alanyl-tRNA synthetase; Ald1, alanine dehydrogenase; AldA1, aldehyde dehydrogenase; ArcA, arginine deiminase; ArcB2, ornithine carbamoyltransferase; ArcC2, carbamate kinase; AtpH, ATP synthase F1, delta subunit; FdaB, fructose-bisphosphate aldolase, class I; FemC, glutamine synthetase; Frp, NAD(P)H-flavin oxidoreductase; FtsA, cell d ***shortened***	1
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	Nrf2 is a basic leucine zipper transcription factor that binds to the antioxidant response element (ARE) in the promoter region of many adaptive genes, such glutathione-S-transferase (GST, EC 2.5.1.18), gamma-glutamyl cysteine synthetase (gamma-GCS; EC 6.3.2.2), and NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1; EC 1.6.99.2).	1
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	Also note that human VARS is a multi-domain protein, containing N-terminal glutathione S-transferase (GST-N), C-terminal glutathione S-transferase (GST-C), tRNA synthase class I (tRNA-synth-1) and anticodon-binding domain of tRNA (anticodon-1).	1.5
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	In conclusion, we demonstrate that DP2 promotes cell motility and invasiveness of human lung carcinoma cells, which attributes to the upregulated expression of uPA/uPAR and MMP-2 and activation of FAK/integrin signaling axis via TLR2/4-mediated ERK activation (Figure 6).	1
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	This ability of Phyllanthus to inhibit cell's motility and adhesion can be correlated with its ability to inhibit the invasiveness of cells since inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 activities had also been shown to be capable of reducing cells' migration.	1
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	The levels of MMP-2 and MMP-9 decreased, and the expression levels of SRC and FAK were upregulated.	1
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	Interestingly, Li et al. reported that DIM inhibits the migration, invasion, and metastasis of HCC cells via the phosphorylation of focal adhesion kinase (FAK, tyr397) with decreased expression of MMP-2 and MMP-9, because FAK and MMP2/9 are upregulated in liver cancer cells (SMC-7721 and MNCC-97H) and are responsible for malignancy.	1
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	(A) The expression level of beta1-integrin, FAK, p-FAK were detected by Western blot; (B) The expression levels of MMP-2 and MMP-9 were measured by Western blot; (C) BDDPM inhibition of AKT and ERK phosphorylation.	1
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	Moreover, it was reported that PF-562271 alone, decreased the FAK phosphorylation and concomitantly reduced the invasive and migratory ability of HCC cells through inhibiting MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression and activity.	1
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	Semaphorins, also known as collapsins, were first identified as a family of genes encoding guidance molecules for the embryologic development of the nervous system and were described as negative mediators of axonal guidance in the central nervous system.	5
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	Functionally, semaphorins were initially characterized for their importance in the development of the nervous system and in the axonal guidance.	5
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	The semaphorins have an important role in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	5
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	Semaphorins are a large family of secreted and membrane-bound molecules initially implicated in the development of the nervous system and in axon guidance.	5
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	Semaphorins are a large family of molecules involved in axonal guidance during the development of the nervous system and have been recently shown to have both angiogenic and anti-angiogenic properties.	5
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	Semaphorins, were first identified as a family of genes encoding guidance molecules for the embryologic development of the nervous system, as negative mediators of axonal guidance in the central nervous system.	5
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	Protein kinase D1 (PKD1) is the founding member of a family of stress-activated enzymes that play multifunctional roles in fundamental biological processes that regulate cell proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, immune regulation, cardiac contraction, cardiac hypertrophy, angiogenesis, and cancer.	1
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	Cytokines and growth factors are critical regulators of immune responses, inflammatory reactions, and the processes of angiogenesis, apoptosis and cell proliferation that play important roles in chronic diseases such as coronary heart disease, diabetes, and cancer.	1
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	However, semaphorins play important roles in other physiological processes, such as participating in the immune response, angiogenesis, and cancer.	5
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	The Gene Ontology and protein family domain analysis of human secreted proteins revealed that these proteins play important roles in regulation of human structure development, signal transduction, immune systems and many other biological processes.	2
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	MiRNAs play important roles in many biological processes including cell growth, apoptosis, and gene regulation, and are involved in human diseases such as cancer, vascular disease, immune disease, and infections.	1
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	MicroRNAs are evolutionarily conserved regulators of gene expression that play important roles in a variety of biological and pathological processes, including cell differentiation, immune regulation, female reproduction, and cancer.	1
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	In contrast, most breast, bladder, pancreas, and prostate carcinoma and melanoma cells expressed low levels of conductin, which could be detected only after overexposure of the blots (Fig. 1).To analyze conductin expression in human tumors, we performed Western blotting on colon carcinoma tissue samples and on corresponding normal colon mucosa from the same patients.	1
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	In our initial studies with melanoma, prostate, and bladder tumor cells, we found that benign tumor cells expressed SEMA3F, whereas highly metastatic tumor cells did not, suggesting an inverse relationship between metastatic potential and SEMA3F expression.	4
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	This expression profile was highly evident for the prostate carcinoma cells, where SEMA3F mRNA and protein levels were high in low metastatic PC3M cells but almost undetectable in high metastatic PC3MLN4 cells (Fig. 1A, B, lanes 3, 4).	3.5
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	It has been found that high levels of HPA can be detected in a variety of malignant tissues or cells with high malignance or powerfully metastatic potential, among which are lymphoma, fibrosarcoma,oral cancer cell lines and oral cancer, esophageal carcinomas, lung cancer,malignant melanoma,breast cancer,gastric carcinoma and carcinoma of colon, pancreatic carcinoma, prostate cancer,bladder carcinoma, pheochromocytoma and ovarian cancer, and that no or only very weak HPA could be observed in some ***shortened***	1
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	Similarly, high levels of CD169+ cells in regional LNs correlated with high numbers of cytotoxic CD8+ T-cells in melanoma, colon, and endometrial tumors, and this was associated with a favorable clinical outcome.24, 27, 28, 29 Our observation that highly metastatic rat prostate cancers down-regulated CD169 expression in regional LNs, and that a low expression of CD169 in regional LNs from prostate cancer patients was associated with increased risk of prostate cancer death, are thus in line with  ***shortened***	1
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	Furthermore, when human tumor cell lines with low versus high metastatic potential, e.g., from human prostate carcinoma, bladder carcinoma, and melanoma, were compared, it was found that SEMA3F was downregulated in highly metastatic tumor cells (Figure 1A).	4
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Semaphorin-3F (SEMA3F) is a member of the class III semaphorin family, and is seen as a candidate tumor suppressor gene.	4.5
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Sema3B was first identified together with semaphorin 3F as a tumor suppressor of small-cell lung carcinoma, and later Sema3B was found to function as an endothelial cell repellent.	5
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	For example, semaphorin 3B (SEMA3B) and the homologous gene SEMA3F have been indicated as putative tumor suppressors because they are both located in the chromosomal region 3p21.3, a locus frequently deleted or hypermethylated in lung cancers.	5
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Consistent with our findings, Id proteins has been shown to enhance tumor migration and invasion by upregulation of metalloproteinases and semaphorin 3F.	3
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Class-3 semaphorins, semaphorin-3B (SEMA3B) and semaphorin-3F (SEMA3F) illustrate their effects by forming a complex with neuropilins (NP-1 or NP-2) and plexins.	2
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Semaphorin-3F (SEMA3F), a candidate tumor suppressor in human cancers, was hypermethylated in colorectal cancer, consequently leading to cancer migration and invasion.	4.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The LEL domain is located between TM3 and TM4 and characteristically contains four to eight invariant conserved cysteine residues, two of which define a conserved Cys-Cys-Gly (CCG) motif and form intramolecular disulfide bonds crucial for structural integrity and functional specificities to tetraspanins.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The N-terminus of MrpH has four conserved cysteine residues, which in other tip adhesins form disulfide bonds that are essential for the proper folding of the adhesin.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The upper, N-terminal domain contains four conserved cysteine residues that form interstrand disulfide bonds.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The COOH terminus of E5 consists of a 14-amino acid hydrophilic domain that extends into the Golgi lumen; this domain contains two highly conserved cysteine residues that form disulfide bonds and stabilize homodimer formation.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	In addition to several blocks of conserved amino acids, the sema domain is characterized by highly conserved cysteine residues that have been found to form intrasubunit disulfide bonds.	5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Semaphorins, plexins and Met receptors all contain a single Sema domain defined by a conserved set of cysteine residues, which form four disulfide bonds thought to stabilize a beta propeller-like structure.	5
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Semaphorins comprise a large family of proteins with important roles in many of these processes, coordinated with the families of their receptor proteins, neuropilins and plexins.	4
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Neuropilins and plexins form a receptor complex for semaphorins.	4
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	SEMA3B belongs to the secreted class 3 semaphorins (SEMA3), which form a complex with neuropilins (Np-1 and Np-2) and plexins on the cell surface.	4
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Two receptor families, plexins and neuropilins, have been characterized in mediating Semaphorin functions.	4.5
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Class-3 semaphorins, semaphorin-3B (SEMA3B) and semaphorin-3F (SEMA3F) illustrate their effects by forming a complex with neuropilins (NP-1 or NP-2) and plexins.	5
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Plexins form a receptor complex with neuropilins so as to bind semaphorins, thereby mediating the latter's chemorepulsive influence on axonal growth-cone development.	4
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	Fournier and colleagues studied the collapse response to Sema3A, a member of the class 3 semaphorin family that repulses the axons of sympathetic and sensory neurons.	4.5
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	SEMA3F is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family originally characterized in axonal guidance.	4.5
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	In new experiments, we have now found that all class 3 semaphorin proteins (Sema3A, Sema3B, Sema3C, Sema3E, and Sema3F) can promote Hh signaling via Nrp1 or Nrp2 (or both).	4.5
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	In contrast, the localization of PlxnD1 and the localization of Sema3A, another member of the class 3 semaphorin family, were unaffected by ANXA2 expression (Fig. 3F and fig. S4).	4
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	Semaphorin 3B (SEMA3B) is a secreted member of the semaphorin family, important in axonal guidance.	3
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	Semaphorin 3B (SEMA3B), located at 3p21.3, is a secreted member of the semaphorin family important in axonal guidance.	3
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	The comparison via ClustalOmega (Goujon et al.; Sievers et al.) shows high similarity on the N-terminus part of TFP which serves as connector to the phage structural proteins and dropping significantly while moving to the C-terminus direction which is responsible for host receptor recognition and binding (Simpson et al.).	1
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	Specifically, we hypothesized that such a feature might be essential to receptor recognition and binding.	1
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	These loops have been described as important sites for receptor recognition and binding.	1
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	Arrestins are involved in receptor recognition and binding.	1
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	The Role of Protonation States in Ligand-Receptor Recognition and Binding	1
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	The most abundant module in FN is F-III, which contains the RGD FN receptor recognition sequence along with binding sites for other integrins and ECM components (Figure 2A).	1
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	Previous data have shown that monoclonal L1 antibody 557 directed against an epitope within the Fn3 domain of murine L1 enhances neurite outgrowth and that scFvs directed against the Fn1-2 domain of murine L1 increase neurite lengths of cultured primary cerebellar neurons.	1
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	These data, along with the fact that homophilic interaction of various neuronal CAMs has been implicated in stimulation of neurite outgrowth, support the hypothesis that homophilic interaction of B3 and also possibly that of B2 is involved in stimulation of neurite outgrowth and that in the assay presented both human plexins may stimulate neurite outgrowth of murine cerebellar neurons via a quasi homophilic interaction of the human and murine homologs.	5
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	Earlier studies described GDNF to specifically promote the survival of primary cultured mesencephalic DA neurons from rat embryos and a potent and selective stimulator of DA uptake and neurite outgrowth in TH-positive DA neurons.	1
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	Using a neurite outgrowth assay with murine cerebellar neurons and substrate cells expressing recombinant human plexins B2 or B3, we found evidence of neurite outgrowth-promoting activity of both plexins.	5
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	The murine homologue, Unc51.1, is required for neurite extension in primary cerebellar granule neurons and governs vesicular membrane organization during outgrowth.	1
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	Unexpectedly, B3 strongly and B2 moderately stimulate neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	5
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	It has been demonstrated that CDH12 could play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of salivary adenoid cystic carcinoma.	1
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	CONCLUSION: Integrin beta3 and VEGF expression can synergistically enhance tumor angiogenesis, and may play a crucial role in invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	1
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	Therefore, we think Twist may play an important role in invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	1
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	The results indicate that invasion and metastasis of tumor are accelerated by MMP-2 and MMP-9, and MMP-2 and MMP-9 play an important role in the metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	1
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	On the other hand, Saito et al observed that CD44v6 appeared to play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of diffuse-type gastric carcinoma, but not in that of intestinal-type gastric carcinoma, and also demonstrated a significant correlation between CD44v6 expression and poor prognosis of diffuse-type gastric carcinoma.	1
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	CONCLUSION: Semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	Semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 were identified as relevant for homing to these organ sites.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	The functions of plexin-B3 are associated with semaphorin 5A (Sema5A), as a high-affinity receptor.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	Plexin B3, belonging to class B plexin subfamily, is a receptor for semaphorin 5A.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	B3 is a known receptor of semaphorin 5A that induces cellular collapse, growth cone collapse, has axon-repelling activity, and leads to inhibition of integrin-based adhesion of NIH-3T3 fibroblasts expressing transfected plexin B3.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	Plexin-B3 is the receptor for semaphorin 5A, and Plexin-B3 knockout mice have not been found to differ from their wildtype in measures of exploration, locomotion, motor coordination or anxiety.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	Expression of semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 contributes to invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma	5
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	Li and Lee found that Sema5A inhibited the Rac1 GTPase through stimulation of plexin-B3, which resulted in the inhibition of glioma cell migration and invasion.	5
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	To ascertain the role of plexin-B3 in relaying the signal of Sema5A in inhibiting glioma cell invasion, the endogenous expression of plexin-B3 in glioma cells was subjected to down-regulation by RNAi prior to Sema5A stimulation.	3.5
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	The finding of direct binding between plexin-B3 and RhoGDIalpha therefore prompted us to assay for the activation status of various RhoGTPases in glioma cells upon Sema5A stimulation.	3
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	Here, we report the expression of plexin-B3 in glioma cells, which upon stimulation by its ligand Sema5A results in significant inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	5
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	To begin with, rat C6 and human U87-MG glioma cells were challenged with Sema5A, the functional ligand for plexin-B3, and monitored for changes in cell migration using scratch wound assay.	2.5
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	In conclusion, we show that Sema5A inhibits cell migration and invasive growth of glioma cells via its receptor plexin-B3.	5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The COOH terminus of E5 consists of a 14-amino acid hydrophilic domain that extends into the Golgi lumen; this domain contains two highly conserved cysteine residues that form disulfide bonds and stabilize homodimer formation.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Semaphorins, plexins and Met receptors all contain a single Sema domain defined by a conserved set of cysteine residues, which form four disulfide bonds thought to stabilize a beta propeller-like structure.	5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	In addition to several blocks of conserved amino acids, the sema domain is characterized by highly conserved cysteine residues that have been found to form intrasubunit disulfide bonds.	4.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The N-terminus of MrpH has four conserved cysteine residues, which in other tip adhesins form disulfide bonds that are essential for the proper folding of the adhesin.	2.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Their classification is based on the number and arrangement of conserved cysteine residues in the N-terminus of chemokines that form disulfide bonds to stabilize tertiary folding.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The upper, N-terminal domain contains four conserved cysteine residues that form interstrand disulfide bonds.	1
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Takeuchi et al. () found that there is a positive effects of screen exposure on regional grey matter volume and white matter volume in the brain that may correlates with verbal competence, aggression, and cognitive abilities.	1
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Concurrent choline intake was positively correlated with the performance of subjects on verbal and visual memory tasks (Figure 2), and inversely correlated with white-matter hyperintensity volume, a brain magnetic resonance imaging measurement that is associated with impaired cognitive function and Alzheimer's disease.	1
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	A genetic association between Plexin-B3 and verbal performance in humans has been found, but Worzfeld et al did not study social or communicative behavior in the Plexin-B3 knockout mice.	4.5
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Based on the idea that the volume of cortical tissue devoted to a certain function influences the quality of a person's ability to perform that function, verbal creative performance was proposed to be associated with cerebral (GMVs) or/and white matter volumes (WMVs) in the brain regions that are believed to be important in verbal processing and divergent thinking, such as Broca's area or the left IFG and bilateral prefrontal cortices.	1
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Detection of plexin B3 protein in human and murine brain.	1
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Additionally, Females performed lower on verbal fluency; lower performance was related to temporal white matter volume.	1
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	Thus, molecular recognition in cells is governed by the RNA-binding module in the context of the entire ligand.	1
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	The distal globular domain serves as a ligand-binding module, and FLRTs and TENs interact with different portions therein.	1
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	These results suggest that LA position within the module influences ligand recognition/binding activity.	1
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	The distal globular domain serves as a ligand-binding module, containing the overlapping but differentiable regions that bind to FLRT3 and Teneurin 1.	1
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	Structure and ligand recognition of the PB1 domain: a novel protein module binding to the PC motif	1
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	This module, typical of many other xylan-binding CBMs, displays promiscuous ligand recognition, interacting with both xylo- and gluco-configured saccharides.	1
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	We believe this is a confirmation for the interaction of SEMA5A with Plexin B3, and we predict that interaction is critical for cellular responses associated with pancreatic cancer progression and metastasis.	4.5
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	The expression of Sema5A and its receptor plexin-B3 has recently been shown to be correlated with the progression of pancreatic, prostate, and gastric cancers.	5
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	Regarding SEMA5A, Sadanandam et al. demonstrated an association between the expression of SEMA5A and Plexin B3 and the aggressiveness of pancreatic and prostate cancer cells.	4.5
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	Furthermore, the structure of the sema domain of both SEMA5A and Plexin B3 are similar as shown in Figure 5B.	1
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	Next, we examined the expression of other members of the Semaphorin family, which have been implicated in the regulation of tumor progression, angiogenesis and metastasis and Plexin B3, a functional SEMA5A receptor.	3
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	Meanwhile, SEMA5A and Plexin B3 co-evolved together.	1
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	Overexpression of Eif2s1 could affect eIF2alpha-mediated translation by altering: a) the assembly of eIF2 complex [eIF2 is a heterotrimer consisting of an alpha (encoded by Eif2s1), a beta (encoded by Eif2s2), and a gamma subunit (encoded by Eif2s3), b) the binding of eIF2 to key regulatory proteins (e.g., eIF2B and/or eIF5), or c) by titrating the phosphorylated alpha subunit away from the eIF2 complex.	3
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	These are the eIF2 complex (tested for the beta and gamma subunits), the eIF2B complex (tested for the epsilon subunit), eIF3 (tested for the p44 subunit), eIF4AI, eIF5 and eIF5B.	2
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	Secondly, CRM1 mediates export of eIF2 (via the beta-subunit), eIF2B, eIF5 and eRF1 (Figures 7 and 8).	2
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	eIF2gamma is involved in the initiator tRNA recruitment to the 40S ribosomal subunit and GTP hydrolysis, eIF2beta interacts with other initiation factors eIF5 and eIF2B, whereas eIF2alpha plays the regulatory role in the activity of eIF2. alphaless and betaless forms of eIF2 could be purified from RRL along with the holo form of protein (Figure 4A).	4.5
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	eIF2 binds GTP with higher affinity than GDP and requires two further eIFs for GTP hydrolysis and GDP/GTP exchange, namely eIF5 and eIF2B.	3.5
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	The measured eIF2/eIF2B Kds are similar to the measured affinity between eIF5 and eIF2-GDP and between eIF5 and TC (both ~23 nM).	2.5
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	The selenocysteine is then incorporated into proteins such as PrdB and GrdA during translation with the aid of a selenocysteine-specific elongation factor, SelB (CDR20291-2386).	1.5
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	Decoding of UGA selenocysteine codons in eubacteria is mediated by the specialized elongation factor SelB, which conveys the charged tRNASec to the A site of the ribosome, through binding to the SECIS mRNA hairpin.	3
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	It is recognized by the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor SelB, leading to cotranslational insertion of selenocysteine into the nascent polypeptide chain.	2.5
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	In eubacteria, selenocysteine incorporation is catalyzed by a bifunctional protein, SELB, consisting of an N-terminal selenocysteyl-tRNA-specific elongation factor domain and a C-terminal SECIS RNA-binding domain.	2.5
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	The selenocysteine-specific elongation factor (SelB; pink) is shown interacting with the selenocysteine insertion sequence (SECIS) hairpin element in the mRNA and tRNA-sec (SelC).	1.5
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	The recognition of SECIS elements by the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor SelB plays a key role in the UGA-directed insertion of selenocysteine into bacterial proteins.	2
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	Translation initiation factor 2 (eIF2) bound to GTP transfers the initiator methionyl tRNA to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	eIF2alpha binds two elements like guanosine-5'-triphosphate (GTP) and initiator methionyl - tRNA (Met-tRNAiMet) and is responsible for transferring Met-tRNAiMet to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	3
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	GTP-bound eIF2 interacts with the initiator methionyl tRNA to form a ternary complex (TC) followed by binding to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	The translation initiation factor eIF2, in the GTP-bound form, recruits the initiator methionyl-tRNA to the 40S small ribosomal subunit.	5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	eIF2 consists of three subunits (alpha, beta, and gamma) and binds GTP and Met-tRNAiMet (initiator methionyl-tRNA) to form a ternary complex, which delivers the initiator tRNA to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	eIF2, bound to GTP, delivers the initiator methionyl tRNA to the 40S ribosomal subunit in each round of translation initiation.	5
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	Current models for translation initiation have proposed that the heterotrimeric eIF2 complex in eukaryotes serves the same function as IF2 in prokaryotes.	3.5
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	According to this model, the IF2 homologs in archaea and eukaryotes in combination with eIF1A would structurally mimic the anticodon arm of a tRNA and bind to the ribosomal A site and direct the binding of the eIF2 GTP Met-tRNAiMet ternary complex to the ribosomal P site.	2.5
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	Binding of initiator methionyl-tRNA to ribosomes is catalyzed in prokaryotes by initiation factor (IF) IF2 and in eukaryotes by eIF2.	3.5
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	Initiation factors IF2 in bacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are GTPases that bind Met-tRNA to the small ribosomal subunit.	3
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	The ternary complex that is formed, Met-tRNAi-GTP-eIF2 in eukaryotes, is catalyzed by eIF2, although this protein is composed of three subunits; the gamma subunit binds the Met-tRNAi and GTP.	2
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	The unique properties of eIF2 are underscored by the fact that another Met-tRNAiMet-binding factor of eukaryotes, eIF5B (homolog of bacterial IF2), is not capable of scanning and searching for the start codon in mRNAs and works at the later step, combining the 48 S preinitiation complex with the 60 S subunit.	2
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	Overexpression of Eif2s1 could affect eIF2alpha-mediated translation by altering: a) the assembly of eIF2 complex [eIF2 is a heterotrimer consisting of an alpha (encoded by Eif2s1), a beta (encoded by Eif2s2), and a gamma subunit (encoded by Eif2s3), b) the binding of eIF2 to key regulatory proteins (e.g., eIF2B and/or eIF5), or c) by titrating the phosphorylated alpha subunit away from the eIF2 complex.	2.5
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	This applies to all elongation factors (eEF1B, eEF2 and both isoforms of eEF1A), to the termination factor eRF1 and the initiation factors eIF2 (beta and gamma subunits), eIF2B, eIF5, eIF5B and eIF4A1 (see Figures 2 and 6).	2
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	Genes coding homologs of eukaryotic eIF1A, eIF2 alpha, beta, and gamma subunits, eIF4, eIF5, and eIF2B alpha and delta are also present.	2
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	In contrast, addition of eIF5 and Met-tRNAi significantly impaired the ability of eIF2B to bind eIF2-GTP (Kd = 223 nM; Figure 3B).	2.5
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	Moreover, mutating the K-boxes in eIF2beta impairs the binding of isolated eIF2beta, as well as the eIF2 complex, with both the eIF2 GTPase stimulatory factor eIF5 and the catalytic epsilon-subunit of the eIF2 guanine-nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B.	3.5
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	Here we consider 2 factors that directly control eIF2 activities: eIF5 and eIF2B.	2.5
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	The guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) exchanges GTP for GDP, and the GTPase activating protein activates the intrinsic GTPase activity of a Rab.	2
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	The exchange of GDP with GTP in eIF2 is catalyzed by its dedicated guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B, which has the dual function of catalyzing the release of both eIF5 and GDP.	4
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	Two proteins regulate its G-protein cycle: eIF5 has both GTPase-accelerating protein (GAP) and GDP dissociation inhibitor (GDI) functions, and eIF2B is the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF).	3.5
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	The aspect that is understood best is the GTPase cycle, which involves the trimeric GTPase eIF2, its GDP/GTP exchange factor:the multisubunit factor eIF2B, and the GTPase-activating protein eIF5.	4
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	The recycling of eIF2-GDP to its translationally active eIF2-GTP form by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B is a key regulatory switch in the modulation of protein synthesis (Fig. 1).	2.5
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	It is well established that eIF2B is the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) that stimulates release of GDP, allowing GTP and tRNAiMet to bind eIF2, and that eIF5 is the GTPase-accelerating factor that stimulates GTP hydrolysis at or before AUG codon recognition.	3.5
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	Eukaryotic initiation factor 2 (eIF2) is a heterotrimeric protein consisting of alpha-, beta-, and gamma-subunits that plays a pivotal role in these steps, delivering Met-tRNAi to a small ribosomal subunit as a ternary complex with GTP and facilitating start site selection through hydrolysis of GTP when the codon-anticodon base-pairing between Met-tRNAi and the start codon is formed.	5
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	The eIF2 is a heterotrimeric complex consisting of alpha (Sui2), beta (Sui3), and gamma (Gcd11) subunits.	4.5
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	eIF2, a heterotrimeric protein complex consisting of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits, represents another important control point in mRNA translation initiation.	5
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	eIF2 is a heterotrimeric protein consisting of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	4.5
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	eIF2 is a heterotrimeric protein, composed of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	5
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	Archaeal translation initiation factor aIF2 is a heterotrimeric protein, consisting of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits, with high sequence similarity to their eukaryotic counterparts (eIF2).	2.5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	After GTP hydrolysis, eIF2*GDP releases from the ribosome.	5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	The subsequent hydrolysis of the GTP bound to eIF2 is promoted by eIF5, after which eIF2 GDP leaves the ribosome.	5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	Hydrolysis of GTP releases the eIF2-GDP complex and all of the eukaryotic initiation factors from the ribosome.	4.5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	Recognition of an AUG initiation codon on the mRNA leads to hydrolysis of GTP to GDP and dissociation of the ribosome-eIF2 complex.	4
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	After the resulting complex binds an mRNA and scans to select a start codon for protein synthesis, hydrolysis of the GTP bound to eIF2 is completed and an eIF2-GDP binary complex is released from the ribosome.	4.5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	Following GTP hydrolysis, eIF2-GDP is released from the ribosome and is subsequently converted to eIF2-GTP with the aid of eIF2B.	5
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	These include eukaryotic initiation factor 2A, a single polypeptide unrelated to the heterotrimeric complex eIF2, Ligatin (also known as eIF2D), MCT1/DENR, and eukaryotic initiation 5B (eIF5B) (Figure 3).	2
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	Of the many eukaryotic initiation factors that are required for translation in vivo, several are 'core' factors conserved from the eubacteria or archaea; eIF1, eIF1A (homologous to eubacterial IF1), eIF2 (a heterotrimeric GTPase that binds aminoacyl-tRNAi) and eIF5B (homologous to eubacterial IF2), being essential for proper initiation in all cases.	3.5
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	Eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 (eIF2) is a heterotrimeric GTPase, which plays a critical role in protein synthesis regulation.	4
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	The eukaryotic initiation factor 2 (eIF2) is a heterotrimeric protein, which plays a significant role in regulation of protein synthesis in mammalian cells.	4
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	Hence, in a manner functionally analogous to small GTPases and heterotrimeric G proteins, eIF2 activity is controlled by the GAP, GDI and GEF activities of eIF5 and eIF2B (Fig. 1A).	2.5
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	The nucleotide binding properties of eEF1A differ from those of other GTPases, most notably of its prokaryotic counterpart EF-Tu, eukaryotic initiation factor eIF2, translation termination factors RF3 and eRF3, as well as from those of most Ras-like GTPases and the Galpha subunits of heterotrimeric G-proteins, which bind GDP about 10-100 times more tightly than GTP.	1.5
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	ITE has been used to facilitate studies on translation initiation and elongation in bacteriophages and coevolution between stop codons and release factors in bacteria.	1
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	BPPS grouped translation factor (TF) GTPases into a single family (Figure 2A), which includes initiation factors (e.g. IF2 and eIF5B), sulfate adenyltransferases (CysN), ribosome-releasing factor 2, peptide chain release factor 3, elongation factors EF-Tu, EF1alpha and selenocysteine-specific elongation factor, EF4, aEF2, and EF-G.	2
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	Translation of mRNA into protein requires the interaction of the ribosome with initiation, elongation, and release factors.	2.5
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	The first class TRAFAC includes enzymes involved in translation (initiation, elongation and release factors), signal transduction (extended Ras-like family), cell motility and intracellular transport.	2.5
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	Sec-tRNASec is delivered to the ribosome by the specialized elongation factor SelB, a GTP-binding protein that belongs to the family of translational GTPases (other family members are elongation factors Tu and G, initiation factor 2, release factor 3 and their eukaryotic homologs) and is evolutionary closely related to translation initiation factor 2 (eIF2gamma).	2.5
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	We examined whether chronic BDNF treatment altered the levels of various translation initiation factors, elongation factors, and release factors.	1
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	Some of these ORFs encode highly conserved proteins such as eIF2 gamma, eIF6, and Pub1p that are known to be essential in other eukaryotes.	2
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	The identification of both IF2 and eIF2 homologs in archaea was surprising and contributed to speculation that archaea may possess a translation apparatus intermediate between prokaryotes and eukaryotes.	2.5
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	In both archaea and eukaryotes the heterotrimeric initiation factor a/eIF2 is comprised of the three subunits alpha, beta and gamma, which are all orthologs between the two domains.	3
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	According to this model, the IF2 homologs in archaea and eukaryotes in combination with eIF1A would structurally mimic the anticodon arm of a tRNA and bind to the ribosomal A site and direct the binding of the eIF2 GTP Met-tRNAiMet ternary complex to the ribosomal P site.	1.5
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	In both domains, a/eIF2 is involved in recruiting the initiator tRNA to the ribosome and thus a/eIF2 can be predicted to have fulfilled this function in the common ancestor of archaea and eukaryotes.	2
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	Initiation factor eIF2, common to eukaryotes and archaea, is a central actor in translation initiation.	4
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	Of the many eukaryotic initiation factors that are required for translation in vivo, several are 'core' factors conserved from the eubacteria or archaea; eIF1, eIF1A (homologous to eubacterial IF1), eIF2 (a heterotrimeric GTPase that binds aminoacyl-tRNAi) and eIF5B (homologous to eubacterial IF2), being essential for proper initiation in all cases.	2
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	In cell-free reconstitution experiments, the more distantly related IRES elements of hepatitis C virus and pestiviruses, two members of the genera Hepacivirus and Pestivirus, respectively, of the Flaviviridae family, bind the small ribosomal subunit completely independently of any initiation factors, even without eIF2 and eIF3.	1
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	The gamma-subunit of eukaryal and archaeal IF2 is most closely related to SELB, suggesting that the a/eIF2 gamma-subunit arose by gene duplication from elongation factor Tu at about the same time as SELB.	3
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	In MVs, proteins were mapped with the highest significance onto the eukaryotic initiation factor (EIF2) signalling pathway, followed by pathways related to the immune-response and signal-transduction (IL-8, interferon, rho family GTPases, G beta gamma, PI3K/AKT and integrin signalling, among others) (Figure 4(d)).	1.5
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	To determine whether the cytoplasmic domains from related proteins, such as a member of the Pcdh-alpha family (Figure 1A) or the more distantly related classical cadherin N-cadherin, can substitute for the Pcdh-gamma cytoplasmic domain in promoting correct trafficking of Pcdh-gammas, we generated chimeric molecules in which most of the Pcdh-gammaA3 cytoplasmic domain was replaced with that from Pcdh-alpha family member Pcdh-alpha1 (gammaA3/alpha1-GFP) or, the classic cadherin, N-cadherin (gammaA ***shortened***	1
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	The sequence of the eubacterial IF2 is, however, not related to the eIF2.	3.5
GPATase crystalizes as a homotetramer, but can also exist as a homdimer.	The largest resolution cutoffs used in these tests are 6 A for gene-5 and hipip, 8 A for gpatase, lysozyme, oat-gabaculine and rnase-p, and 10 A for all other structures.	1
GPATase crystalizes as a homotetramer, but can also exist as a homdimer.	The lowest burial value (64%) is observed for the guanine base of the inhibitor GMP in the catalytic site of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate amidotransferase (GPATase, PDB code 1ecb).	1.5
GPATase crystalizes as a homotetramer, but can also exist as a homdimer.	GPATase catalyzes the conversion of phosphoribosylpyrophosphate into phosphoribosylamine.	1.5
GPATase crystalizes as a homotetramer, but can also exist as a homdimer.	In addition, the Mn2+cPRPP complex (black) originating from the GPATase structure (Krahn et al. 1997) is included, using superimposition shown in Fig. 4 .	1.5
GPATase crystalizes as a homotetramer, but can also exist as a homdimer.	Glutamine PRPP amidotransferase (GPATase) employs separate catalytic domains to abstract nitrogen from the amide of glutamine and to transfer nitrogen to the acceptor substrate PRPP.	1.5
GPATase crystalizes as a homotetramer, but can also exist as a homdimer.	Superposition of the Mn2+cPRPP complex from the GPATase structure on the active site of the Cd2+-PRPPsase.	1.5
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	Glutamine PRPP amidotransferase (GPATase) employs separate catalytic domains to abstract nitrogen from the amide of glutamine and to transfer nitrogen to the acceptor substrate PRPP.	4
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	To delineate the R	5	P binding site, the Cd2+-PRPPsase structure is compared with the structure of a type I PRTase, the glutamine PRPP amidotransferase (GPATase) from E. coli complexed with cPRPP, a PRPP analog.	1.5
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	The lowest burial value (64%) is observed for the guanine base of the inhibitor GMP in the catalytic site of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate amidotransferase (GPATase, PDB code 1ecb).	1.5
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	Other Ntn amidotransferases possessing structurally homologous glutamine-hydrolyzing domains include glutamine 5'-phosphoribosyl	1	pyrophosphate amidotransferase (GPATase) and glutamine fructose	6	phosphate amidotransferase (GFAT), which both play important functions in cellular metabolism.	1.5
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	The purF gene product, glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate amidotransferase (GPATase, PurF), catalyzes the first step in biosynthesis of purines, conversion of phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate (PRPP) to 5-phospho-beta-D-ribosylamine (PRA).	2.5
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	In the first reaction, catalyzed by glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (PRPP) amidotransferase (GPAT), NH3, generated by hydrolysis of glutamine at an N-terminal glutaminase domain, is sequestered from H2O by transfer through a 20-A tunnel to a C-terminal PRPP site where synthesis of phosphoribosylamine (PRA) takes place.	4
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	PurF catalyzes the addition of an amino group derived from glutamine to the C-1 position of phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate (PRPP) in the first committed step of de novo purine biosynthesis (Fig. 1B).	4.5
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	The purF gene product, glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate amidotransferase (GPATase, PurF), catalyzes the first step in biosynthesis of purines, conversion of phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate (PRPP) to 5-phospho-beta-D-ribosylamine (PRA).	4.5
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	De novo purine synthesis is mainly regulated by the enzyme amidophosphoribosyltransferase, which catalyzes the first reaction of de novo purine biosynthesis, the formation of phosphoribosylamine from PRPP and glutamine.	4
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	ComF proteins (which are typically 200-250 amino acids in length) include a C-terminal domain module homologous to the active site of the bacterial enzyme glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate amidotransferase (GPATase) that catalyzes the first step in de novo purine biosynthesis.	3.5
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	Additionally, ADE4, the first committed step in purine biosynthesis by catalyzing the reaction of PRPP, water and glutamine to 5'phosphoribosylamine, is identified as a driving gene in our analysis.	3
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	The product of the purF gene, glutamine- phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate (PRPP) amidotransferase (EC 2.4.2.14), catalyzes the first step in the shared purine/thiamine pathway and synthesizes phosphoribosylamine (PRA) from PRPP and glutamine (Figure 1A).	4.5
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	The formation of glutamine is generated from the enzymatic reaction with glutamic acid and ammonia.	3.5
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	This enzyme is also capable of hydrolysing glutamine to glutamic acid and ammonia, thus reducing blood glutamine levels.	3.5
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	Glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia, which is believed to traverse a tunnel extending through the domain interface into the larger C-terminal domain.	4.5
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	L-glutamine is produced from L-glutamic acid and ammonia by GS in utilizing ATP and two molecules of L-glutamic acid are subsequently synthesized from L-glutamine and oxoglutarate by GOGAT because GDH has a lower affinity for ammonia.	2
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	The A subunit also has substantial homology to a class of amidases and can convert glutamine to glutamic acid and ammonia in vitro.	2.5
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	L-asparaginase can also hydrolyze glutamine to glutamic acid and ammonia, thereby depleting glutamine in the blood.	3.5
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	Until now 16 glutamine amidotransferases have been identified, which are grouped into two classes: class-I (also referred to as trpG-type) and class-II (also known as purF-type).	3.5
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	ASNS protein contains two domains-Glutamine amidotransferases class-II domain (amino acids 2-206) and asparagine synthetase domain (amino acids 228-538).	3.5
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	Each belongs to the class of glutamine amidotransferases, enzymes which utilize glutamine as a source of an amide nitrogen with the concomitant production of glutamate.	1.5
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	FdmV displays 21.5% identity with the typical AS B from E. coli, which belongs to the class II glutamine amidotransferases (supplemental Fig. S2).	3.5
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	GAT-ADCS belongs to the family of class I glutamine amidotransferases, which contains six other members.	1.5
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	The deduced product of these genes is similar to class II glutamine amidotransferases, namely, to asparagine synthases.	2.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	The following potential inductors were tested: CGP, beta-dipeptides from CGP, synthetic dipeptides (alpha-arginine-aspartate, alpha-lysine-aspartate, and alpha-ornithine-aspartate) (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO), alpha-polyaspartate (Bayer AG, Leverkusen, Germany), poly-e-lysine (Chisso, Tokyo, Japan), the amino acids l-aspartate, l-arginine, l-lysine, l-citrulline, and l-ornithine, and the aspartate analogues N-acetyl-aspartate, ureidosuccinic acid, and N-carbamoyl-aspartate.	1
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	In monomers A, B, and D, the alpha-carboxyl group of the amino acid substrate is positioned through an electrostatic interaction with the side-chain guanidino group of Arg207 and a hydrogen bond with a side-chain O atom from the carboxyl of Glu130, whereas the position of the alpha-amino group of l-aspartate is fixed through hydrogen bonds with Glu130 and Thr46.	1
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	Proteinase K hydrolyzes proteins and cleaves peptide bonds adjacent to the carboxyl group of aliphatic and aromatic amino acid residues.	1
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	Its characteristics are comparable with those described for K+-independent ASPG, indicating that its main function is related to degradation of proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	beta-Aspartyl-arginine could result from cyanophycin degradation catalyzed by cyanophycinase, and arginine and aspartate could be produced, at least in part, by hydrolysis of the dipeptide catalyzed by the low level of isoaspartyl dipeptidase present in the heterocysts.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	An anionic aspartate would not serve as a suitable general acid to protonate the lactone's leaving group, making this orientation less likely unless Asp-108 serves as a proton shuttle, as proposed in the mechanism of isoaspartyl dipeptidase, an unrelated dinuclear hydrolase.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	Like some other MH clan peptidases, the active site of as-isolated recombinant DNPEP contains a binuclear zinc center.	2
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	The crystal structure of the Zn2+ -bound enzyme from Bacteroides fragilis contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	CcOx subunit I contains the heme a,a3 binuclear center and is the active site of the enzyme.	1
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	Schematic representations of the binuclear metal centers for isoaspartyl dipeptidase, d-aminoacylase, and dihydroorotase in the presence of bound reaction products.	2
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	When alpha-Asp-Leu was tested as a substrate CpsIadA also exhibited dipeptidase activity with a kcat/Km of 1.4 x 104 M-1 s-1, indicating that the shift of the alpha-amino group of aspartate moiety between C2 and C3 within substrates causes only slight reduction in enzyme activity.	2
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	Isoaspartyl dipeptidase (IadA) is an enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of an isoaspartyl dipeptide-like moiety, which can be inappropriately formed in proteins, between the beta-carboxyl group side chain of Asp and the amino group of the following amino acid.	3
Formation of this bond is a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction in nature and can profoundly effect the function of the protein.	The Cys 212 of the F protein, which is present in this natural ligand, was detected because of the modification by cysteinylation, as a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction where a Cys forms a disulfide bond to a free Cys molecule that (as the oxidation of Met) could be frequently incorporated in vivo and in vitro in the process of peptide isolation, as previously described.	1
Formation of this bond is a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction in nature and can profoundly effect the function of the protein.	Multiple prior studies have suggested that the large (approximately 6 kcal/mol) rate reduction observed for the Tyr16Phe mutation in the KSI oxyanion hole, together with unusual physical properties associated with the Tyr16 hydrogen bond, provides evidence for such a large catalytic contribution from hydrogen bond formation by Tyr16 during steroid isomerization relative to the nonenzymatic reaction in water (Fig. 5A and B).	1
Formation of this bond is a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction in nature and can profoundly effect the function of the protein.	The novelty of this reaction in combination with the role of DsbB as an essential component of a biologically important cellular process, protein disulfide bond formation, provides significant incentives to study the structure and function of this enzyme.	1
Formation of this bond is a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction in nature and can profoundly effect the function of the protein.	Applied to the nonenzymatic reaction, the roughly 5% inverse values for and are indicative of partial C7-C11 bond formation in the transition state of the most rate-limiting step.	1
Formation of this bond is a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction in nature and can profoundly effect the function of the protein.	It has been difficult to improve the CAb activity further because a CAb, unlike an enzyme, can help stabilize the transition state only for nonenzymatic cocaine hydrolysis; a mechanistic study indicates there is no formation of a covalent bond or breaking between the substrate and CAb during the reaction process.	1
Formation of this bond is a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction in nature and can profoundly effect the function of the protein.	The C-S bond formation in grixazone biosynthesis is proposed by a nonenzymatic reaction between the quinone imine intermediate and N-acetylcysteine.	1
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	Each dsRBM consists of an alpha-beta-beta-beta-alpha structure where the two alpha-helices are packed onto one side of a three-stranded beta-sheet.	1
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	This motif contains an alpha-beta-beta-beta-alpha fold with the two alpha-helices lying on each side and being packed against a three-stranded antiparallel beta-sheet (Fig. 6B).	1.5
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	In these three structures, the LysM motif is characterized as a betaalphaalphabeta secondary structure with the two alpha-helices stacking onto one side of a plate made up of a two-stranded antiparallel beta-sheet.	1
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	In this alpha/beta motif, the core of the structure is comprised of a three-stranded parallel beta-sheet, and flanked on either side by three alpha-helices.	1
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	Thus to discover the KH motif-containing protein with topology alphabetabetaalphaalphabetabetaalpha (a combination of both type I and II domains, four-stranded beta-sheet with four alpha-helices on one side; Fig. 1A, B, D and E), would be an argument favoring the fourth scenario.	4
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	Numerous proteins that bind dsRNA contain a 65- to 75-amino-acid motif (dsRNA binding motif [dsRBM]) that either folds into or is predicted to adopt a tertiary structure where two alpha helices flank a three-stranded antiparallel beta sheet (alpha-beta-beta-beta-alpha).	1
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	The KH domains bind single-stranded RNA and DNA.	5
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	KH binds (single-stranded) RNA; HD hydrolyzes phosphates from nucleotides; and 5'NT hydrolyzes NMP to nucleosides.	4
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	RPS3 prominently features a heterogeneous nuclear protein K (hnRNP K) homology (KH) domain, a structural motif that binds single-stranded RNA and DNA with some sequence specificity.	4.5
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	Microsequencing of the other proteins copurified with ZBP2/KSRP by RNA affinity selection showed that the 70-kD protein is also a KH domain containing protein, a homologue of FBP, a human transcription factor, that binds to single-stranded DNA and activates the transcription of the c-myc gene.	2.5
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	The KH domain is a nucleotide binding domain, and most KH domain proteins associate with single-stranded RNA or DNA.	4.5
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	Each FBP family member contains four KH domains and likely binds to RNA in addition to single-stranded DNA.	4
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	Era is a 34-kDa two-domain protein with a GTP-binding domain at the N-terminus and a KH RNA-binding domain at the C-terminus, and binds the 30S ribosomal subunit between the head and platform, preventing 50S association and likely preventing translation initiation.	1
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	Knockdown of RpS3, which encodes a 40S ribosomal subunit protein that also has DNA repair activity and contains a K homology (KH) RNA binding domain, resulted in a phenotype resembling that of translation initiation factors.	1.5
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	More recently, Era has been shown to bind via its C-terminal KH (K homology) domain to the 30S small ribosomal subunit near to the 3' terminus of the 16S rRNA.	3
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	Era binds to 16S ribosomal RNA and 30S ribosome subunits in vitro; recently, the ribosome-binding mechanism of Era with its GTP-binding domain and K-homology domain has been characterized.	1
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	The structure of the 30S ribosomal subunit protein S1 (the origin of 1b11) appears to comprise a five-stranded beta-barrel like that of CspA (as deduced from the known structure of the S1 RNA-binding domain (SRD) of polynucleotide phosphorylase and its sequence homology with S1).	1
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	To construct the small 30S subunit of the S. solfataricus ribosome, the homology models of the archaeal ribosomal proteins were aligned to the known small ribosomal subunit from S. cerevisiae (pdb: 3U5G, 3U5F).	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	We uncovered that Pkh is important for the proper transcriptional response to heat shock, and is mostly required for the effects driven by the transcription factors Hsf1 and Msn2/Msn4, but is not required for down-regulation of the mRNA coding for ribosomal proteins.	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	The identification of direct FMRP participants, such as FXR1P, FXR2P or 82-FIP, and the wide variety of proteins, including ribosomal proteins and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA, that were found undoubtedly identify the nature of the pulled-down complex and reveal the high specificity of this pull-down assay.	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	RSK4 being a ribosomal protein kinase may not only play a role in the regulation of gene expression through post-translational modifications but also through transcriptional and post-transcriptional modifications of transcription factors, coregulators, and other unknown target proteins.	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	Nucleolin is a multifunctional protein that exhibits broad localization in nucleoli, nucleoplasm, cytoplasm, and the plasma membrane; interacts with a wide variety of cellular and viral proteins; and affects various aspects of cellular functions, including transcription mediated by RNA polymerase II, rRNA gene transcription, rRNA folding, pre-rRNA maturation, assembly of ribosomal proteins, shuttling of some proteins between the nucleus and cytoplasm, mRNA stability, regulation of translation, c ***shortened***	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	These structures contain a wide variety of different proteins and small RNAs: both small nuclear RNAs (snRNAs) and small nucleolar RNAs (snoRNAs), which are factors involved in pre-mRNA splicing, pre-ribosomal RNA (pre-rRNA) processing, or histone pre-mRNA 3' maturation; basal transcription factors for RNA polymerase I, II and III; and telomerase RNA.	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	Together, these observations implicate a profound regulation at the post-transcriptional level, which has mostly been attributed to features intrinsic to the mRNA or a variety of non-ribosomal protein and RNA factors that modulate diverse steps in protein synthesis like small RNAs, mRNA binding proteins, and cis- or trans-acting regulators.	1
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	On the other side of the 30S subunit, the extended 3' end of the mRNA is bent upward to interact with protein S3 in the 30S head, which may play a role in the unwinding of secondary structure elements as the mRNA enters the channel.	4
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	A mechanistic basis for mRNA helicase activity has been proposed, which involves ribosomal proteins S3, S4, and S5 at the mRNA entrance and rotational movement of the head of the 30S subunit.	2.5
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	As a result, a new connection stabilizing the open latch emerges between h16 and ribosomal protein (rp) S3 that is accompanied by subunit head rotation; this could facilitate location of the coding part of HCV RNA in the mRNA-binding channel.	2
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	The feature in the UTR that is believed to be most important is the purine rich Shine-Dalgarno (SD) sequence, which by X-ray crystallographic studies of the mRNA bound to the ribosome has been confirmed to interact with the 3' end of the 16S rRNA (anti-SD) in the 30S ribosomal subunit.	1
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	The mRNA channel is clearly defined and is contained totally within the 30S subunit, between the head and body, lined with ribosomal proteins S3, S4 and S5 (Fig. 4A).	2
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	Rotation of the head of the 30S ribosomal subunit during mRNA translocation	3
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	Besides SPSB1, SPSB2 and SPSB4, SPSB3 belongs to the family of SPRY-containing suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) box proteins.	2
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	SOCS proteins were initially identified as suppressors of cytokine signaling and contain a common C-terminal 40 amino acid SOCS box.	3
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	Other predicted targets included suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS), such as SOCS1 and SOCS6, whose inhibition has been implicated in the pathogenesis of several tumors, as SOCS proteins act as negative regulators of STAT-induced activities including cell proliferation, survival, and angiogenesis.	3.5
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	XRab40 protein contains a GTPase domain and a SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box (reviewed by) (Figure 1B).	2.5
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	Interestingly, both SOCS1 and SOCS3 are believed to act as suppressors of cytokine signaling by an additional SOCS-box-independent mechanism, explaining why Cul5NTD affinity need not be so high for these proteins.	2
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	Members of the family of suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) proteins contain a central SH2 domain and a C-terminal homology domain we have termed the SOCS box.	3
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	The SOCS box is necessary for recruitment of the ubiquitin transferase system and for stabilization and/or degradation of SOCS proteins.	5
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	The SOCS box is a C-terminal domain of SOCS family proteins, including SOCS1, and it is essential to recruit the ubiquitin-transferase system.	5
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	One function of the SOCS box is to recruit components of the ubiquitin-transferase system and coordinate their assembly and ability to ubiquitinylate target proteins.	5
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	The function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	5
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	The SOCS box recruits the ubiquitin-transferase complex.	5
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	One function of the SOCS box is to recruit components of the ubiquitin-transferase system and to coordinate their assembly and ability to ubiquitinylate target proteins.	5
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	In this scenario, the SOCS-box domain interacts with Elongins B and C, which in turn recruit Cullin 5 and Roc/Rbx1 to generate a competent Ubiquitin E3 ligase complex.	4
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	The SOCS-box of SOCS proteins can interact with the Elongins B and C, which form a complex with proteins of the Cullin and Rbx families.	4
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	The SOCS box of SOCS proteins associates with elongins B and C in addition to cullin-2 to form ubiquitin E3 ligase complex.	4
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	In SOCS-1 and SOCS-3, while the SH2 domains are responsible for recognizing phospho-tyrosine motifs of the substrates, as is the case for JAK, the SOCS box was found to associate with Elongins-B/C, two proteins that form an E3 ubiquitin ligase complex with Cullin-2 and Rbx-1.	3.5
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1 and E2.	5
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	The SOCS box interacts with elongins B and C, and together with Rbx2 and Cullin-5 forms an E3 ubiquitin ligase.	5
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	The SOCS family of proteins as well as other SOCS-box-containing molecules, probably functions as E3 ubiquitin ligases and facilitates the degradation of proteins that are associated with members of this family through their N-terminal regions.	5
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	These results indicate that CIS/SOCS family proteins, as well as other SOCS box-containing molecules, function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins that are associated with these family members through their N-terminal regions (Figure 1, left).	5
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	The CIS-SOCS family of proteins, as well as other SOCS-box-containing molecules, can function as E3 ubiquitin ligases.	4
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	There are eight CIS/SOCS family proteins: CIS, SOCS1, SOCS2, SOCS3, SOCS4, SOCS5, SOCS6, and SOCS7, each of which has a central SH2 domain, an amino-terminal domain of variable length and sequence, and a carboxy-terminal 40-amino-acid module known as the SOCS box.13, 14, 15 The SOCS box interacts with elongin B/C, Cullins, and the RING-finger-domain-only protein RBX2, which binds E2 ubiquitin-transferase.14 Thus, CIS/SOCS family proteins, as well as other SOCS-box-containing molecules, function  ***shortened***	3.5
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	SOCS box-containing molecules function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins that they associate with through their amino-terminal regions.	5
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	Thus, CIS/SOCS family proteins, as well as other SOCS-box-containing molecules, probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	There are eight members of the SOCS family of proteins (CIS, SOCS1-7), each of which harbor a central SH2 domain and a C-terminal SOCS box region (Figure 1).	4.5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	The SOCS family contains 8 proteins, SOCS1-7 and CIS (cytokine inducible SH2 containing protein) that are characterized by the presence of an SH2 domain that mediates interaction with signaling proteins such as the JAK kinases and/or cytokine receptors, and a C-terminal SOCS Box motif.	4.5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	The suppressor of cytokine signaling (SOCS) family contains eight proteins, SOCS-1 to SOCS-7 and CIS, which are characterized by an amino-terminal (N-terminal) region of variable length, a central SH2 domain, and a carboxyl-terminal (C-terminal) SOCS box.	5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	SOCS comprise a family of eight intracellular, cytokine-inducible proteins (CIS; SOCS1 to SOCS7), each of which has a variable N-terminal domain, a central SH2 domain, and a conserved C-terminal SOCS box.	5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	The eight SOCS family proteins (SOCS1-7 and CIS) are characterised by structural features that include a conserved C-terminal SOCS box, a central SH2 domain and an N-terminal region of variable length and sequence.	5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	The eight members of the suppressor of cytokine signaling family of proteins (SOCS1 to -7 and CIS) are characterized by the presence of a centrally located Src homology 2 (SH2) domain, an N-terminal domain of variable length and divergent sequence, and a conserved C-terminal SOCS box domain.	5
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	These data suggest that BFTs are members of the matrix metalloprotease subfamily (matrixins) of the metzincin superfamily of zinc-dependent metalloprotease enzymes.	1
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	This process is analogous to the cleavage of tumour necrosis factor (TNF) from the cell membrane by a zinc-dependent metalloprotease, tumour necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme (TACE).	5
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	Several other domains associated with proteolytic-enzymes were up-regulated over time only in Atlantic-fed lice including "peptidase M14 carboxypeptidase subfamily N/E-like" (cd03868), "zinc-dependent metalloprotease astacin-like subfamily" (cd04280), "papain family cysteine protease" (pfam00112), and "serine carboxypeptidase S28" (pfam05577).	1
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	TACE is a member of "a disintegrin and metalloprotease" (ADAM) family, a group of zinc-dependent transmembrane metalloproteases.	5
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	TACE contains a signal peptide, a zinc-dependent metalloprotease catalytic domain, a disintegrin domain, a transmembrane domain, and a short cytoplasmic tail.	4.5
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	B. fragilis enterotoxin, recently termed fragilysin, has been characterized as a 20-kDa zinc-dependent metalloprotease belonging to the metzicins family, precisely to the subfamily that comprises the eukaryotic collagenases or matrixins.	1
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF) is a transmembrane protein that can be released from the myeloid cells surface as a soluble form by a metalloprotease, the tumor necrosis factor-alpha-converting enzyme (TACE).	5
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), a 17 kDa proinflammatory cytokine generated after cleavage of the 26 kDa transmembrane protein pro-TNF-alpha by TNF-alpha converting enzyme (TACE), is secreted from resident mast cells and macrophages within minutes of myocardial I/R injury through a mechanism that is dependent on oxidative stress.	3
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Tumor necrosis factor alpha converting enzyme (TACE), also known as ADAM17 (A disintegrin and A metalloproteinase 17), was initially discovered as a protease that cleaves the 26-kDa precursor of TNF-alpha and sheds transmembrane TNF-alpha to generate a soluble form of TNF-alpha that can bind to TNF-alpha receptors to induce inflammatory response.	5
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	For example ADAM17, which is also known as tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) converting enzyme (TACE), cleaves membrane-bound pro-TNF-alpha to soluble TNF-alpha which may enhance inflammatory response.	5
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha converting enzyme (TACE) releases biologically active, soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha and has attracted interest as a specific therapeutic target in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD).	5
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	These include the TNF-alpha converting enzyme (TACE) which releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	Clades of related proteins are color shaded as follows: red, LLS1 and LLS1-like homologs in various plants and cyanobacteria; black, bacterial ring hydroxylating enzymes; purple, plant choline monooxygenase (CMO) enzymes; green, plant and cyanobacterial chlorophyll a oxygenase CAO enzymes; blue, pea (Pisum sativum) TIC55 Rieske Fe-sulfur protein putatively associated with transport through inner chloroplast membrane and related plant proteins.	4.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	Finally maize lethal leaf spot protein, a pheophorbide a oxygenase (PaO; TC282596) involved in chlorophyll degradation, had a BS/M ratio of 1.26.	2.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	We also identified genes with cyanobacterial ancestry from Naegleria in an oxidoreductase gene family that included genes encoding Rieske iron-sulfur cluster 55 kDa protein of chloroplast inner membrane translocon (TIC55), chlorophyll a oxidase (CAO), Lethal-leaf spot 1 (LLS1, which is synonymous with pheophorbide a oxygenase (PAO)) and accelerated cell death 1 (ACD1) (Figure 5).	4.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	In R-PI, the expression of Pheophorbide a oxygenase (PaO), a homologue of lethal leaf-spot 1 gene in wheat, is upregulated.	2.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	These proteins include the protein translocon protein TIC55, the precursor NADPH:protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase translocon protein PTC52, which operates as protochlorophyllide a-oxygenase, and the lethal leaf spot protein LLS1, which is identical with pheophorbide a oxygenase.	4.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	The identified proteins could be classified into nine functional groups: photosynthesis [putative rubisco subunit binding-protein alpha subunit precursor (spot 6), predicted ribulose bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase activase 1, chloroplastic-like (spot 7), ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase activase 1 (spot 12), RuBisCO activase (spot 14), fructose-bisphosphate aldolase, chloroplast precursor, putative, expressed (spot 24), chloroplast stem-loop binding protein-41 (spot 26), chlor ***shortened***	1
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	Each alpha subunit consists of two domains, the N-terminal Rieske domain, which contains a [2Fe-2S] cluster, and the C-terminal catalytic domain, which contains a mononuclear ferrous ion close to the substrate-binding site.	4.5
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	In the NDO system, electrons are transferred from the Rieske center of the ferredoxin to the Rieske center of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	2
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	The hydroxylating dioxygenase comprises an oxidoreductase (DntAa), an iron-sulfur ferredoxin protein (DntAb), and a terminal oxygenase center, DntAc (alpha-subunit) and DntAd (beta-subunit), containing a Rieske-type iron-binding site in the alpha-subunit.	2
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	The size of the protein subunit and the similarity of the N-terminal sequence to those of ferredoxin components of other oxygenase enzymes have suggested that component C is a specific electron transfer protein of the MSAMO which contains a Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster.	3
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	The catalytic alpha-subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with a 2Fe-2S-cluster and a C-terminal Bet v 1-like domain that binds a ferrous ion.	3.5
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	In anthranilate dioxygenase, there are two subunits in the terminal oxygenase, the larger of which, the alpha subunit, is presumed to contain both the Rieske-type iron-sulfur and mononuclear iron centers.	2.5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	The other, aminopyrrolnitrin N-oxygenase (PrnD), a Rieske mononuclear non-heme iron enzyme involved in the biosynthesis of pyrrolnitrin, catalyzes the conversion of aminopyrrolnitrin to pyrrolnitrin.	1.5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	CAO is located in the chloroplast and catalyzes a two-step oxygenase reaction involved in the synthesis of chlorophyll b through its Rieske (2Fe2S cluster) and non-heme iron cofactors.	4.5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	The gene encoding chlorophyll(ide) a oxygenase (CAO) that catalyzes conversion of the methyl to the aldehyde group has been cloned; the natural substrate of CAO is as yet unknown, as recombinant CAO produced in Escherichia coli catalyzed the formation of chlorophyllide b from chlorophyllide a but did so at a very low rate.	4
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	This CAO localization is consistent with previous reports that chlorophyllide a, a substrate of CAO, is synthesized in the chloroplast envelope and that chlorophyll a bound to the chlorophyll-protein complexes in the thylakoid membranes is converted to chlorophyll b during reorganization of the photosystems.	5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	In the chloroplast, chlorophyll b is synthesized from chlorophyll a by chlorophyllide a oxygenase (CAO), a Rieske-type monooxygenase.	5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	We also identified genes with cyanobacterial ancestry from Naegleria in an oxidoreductase gene family that included genes encoding Rieske iron-sulfur cluster 55 kDa protein of chloroplast inner membrane translocon (TIC55), chlorophyll a oxidase (CAO), Lethal-leaf spot 1 (LLS1, which is synonymous with pheophorbide a oxygenase (PAO)) and accelerated cell death 1 (ACD1) (Figure 5).	3.5
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	Functional groups include the diatoms, haptophytes, dinoflagellates and cryptophytes (table 2), but perhaps just as importantly, several functional groups commonly found in other oceans, such as coccolithophorids, cyanobacteria, chlorophytes and prochlorophytes, are nearly completely absent in the Ross Sea.	1
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	We recognize that fluorometric measurements of phaeo by acidification may be biased by presence of Chlb and divinyl-Chlb contributed by chlorophytes, prasinophytes, and prochlorophytes.	1
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	Chlorophyll b exists in prochlorophytes and chlorophytes and is synthesized by CAO, although the gene(s) for chlorophyll b synthesis has not been identified in Prochlorococcus.	4.5
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	The contribution of haptophytes with 30-50% was the largest, followed by diatoms (15-22%), and then chlorophytes, cyanobacteria, and prochlorophytes (each around 10%) (Figure 2).	1
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	Sequence analysis of chlorophyll b binding proteins indicated that these proteins in prochlorophytes and chlorophytes are likely to be the result of convergent evolution.	2.5
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	CAO is widespread in higher plants and also occurs in prochlorophytes and chlorophytes.	5
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Bacterial aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases have been shown to oxidize, in addition to several core compounds, a large number of differently substituted derivatives.	4
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases catalyze the dihydroxylation of aromatic compounds.	4.5
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases are key enzymes of the aerobic bacterial catabolism of aromatic compounds.	4.5
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Rieske nonheme iron oxygenases form a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases found in microorganisms.	4.5
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases, also called Rieske dioxygenases (RDOs), are class of multi-domain proteins that catalyze the initial step in microbial aerobic degradation of many aromatic compounds.	4.5
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	In all cases, the alpha subunit comprises an N-terminal "Rieske" domain harboring the [2Fe-2S] cluster and a larger "catalytic" domain harboring the mononuclear iron.	5
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	The catalytic alpha-subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with a 2Fe-2S-cluster and a C-terminal Bet v 1-like domain that binds a ferrous ion.	4.5
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	These enzymes contain two domains; an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	5
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	Each alpha subunit contains an N-terminal ISP domain, with a conserved Rieske [2Fe-2S] center, a C-terminal catalytic domain having a conserved mononuclear iron-binding site and a conserved aspartate, which is known to facilitate inter-subunit electron transfer between ISP and catalytic domains of alpha-subunits.	4
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	The terminal oxygenase is an alpha3beta3 hetero-hexamer wherein the catalytic alpha subunits contain a Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster and mononuclear iron at the active site.	5
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	Structural studies on representative oxygenases showed that the alpha-subunit of RHOs contains an N-terminal iron-sulfur protein (ISP) domain, with a conserved Rieske [2Fe-2S] center and a C-terminal catalytic domain having a conserved mononuclear iron-binding site.	5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	During the catalytic cycle two electrons are transferred one at a time from the reductase to the [2Fe-2S] cluster in ferredoxin and subsequently to the Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster and mononuclear iron(II) center located in the terminal oxygenase component, where the reaction takes place.- The oxygenase component is an alpha3beta3 heterohexamer with a mushroom-shaped quaternary structure, in which alpha subunits containing the active site and Rieske domains bear catalytic function, while beta subunit ***shortened***	5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	In these three-component enzyme systems, electrons are transferred from NAD(P)H to a flavoprotein reductase, a Rieske [2Fe-2S]-containing ferredoxin, and finally to the terminal oxygenase component, which is also a Rieske iron-sulfur protein.	5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	Electrons from NADH are transferred to a Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster within NDO, typically via a flavin-dependent ferredoxin reductase and a separate ferredoxin.	4.5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from the electron transfer component(s) and transfers electrons to the mononuclear iron.	5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	The alpha subunit of NDO contains a Rieske [2Fe-2S] center that accepts electrons from the ferredoxin component, which originate from an NAD(P)H on a reductase component, and transfers them to a nonheme mononuclear iron at the active site.	5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	The Rieske cluster accepts electrons from the reductase or ferredoxin and passes them onto the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	5
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	Vitamin B6 consists of three related pyrimidine derivates: pyridoxine, pyridoxamine and pyridoxal, and their 5'-phosphate esters.	5
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	17, there are three genes related to Hcy metabolism: Phenylethanolamine N-methyltransferase (PNMT), which binds the S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine and inhibits its synthesis; pyridoxamine 5'-phoshate oxidase (PNPO), which catalyzes conversion of pyridoxine 5'-phosphate to pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP), the metabolically-active form of vitamin B6 that is required as a coenzyme for Hcy metabolism; and methyltransferase like 2A (METTL2A) involved in the metabolism of Methionine Cycle and therefore in the ***shortened***	2
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	Because vitamin B6 crosses from cerebrospinal fluid into neural cells as phosphorylated esters of pyridoxine and pyridoxamine as well as pyridoxal, PNPO is necessary to convert the pyridoxine phosphate and pyridoxamine phosphate to the active cofactor pyridoxal phosphate.	3.5
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	The term pyridoxine connotes the six vitamers of vitamin B6: the alcohol pyridoxine, the aldehyde pyridoxal, the amine pyridoxamine, and their respective 5'-phosphorylated esters (pyridoxine phosphate, pyridoxal phosphate and pyridoxamine phosphate) ().	5
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	Vitamin B6 is the generic name for six compounds with vitamin B6 activity: pyridoxine, pyridoxal, pyridoxamine, and their respective 5'-phosphate esters.	5
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	Vitamin B6 consists of three related pyridine derivatives: pyridoxine, pyridoxamine and pyridoxal and their 5'-phosphate esters.	5
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	Whatever its exact function, the HD-GYP domain is likely to play a crucial role in this novel regulatory mechanism.	1
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	The HRDC domain has been proposed to play a regulatory role in Rrp6p function and is likely to have nucleic acid binding activity.	1
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	The cytosolic domains of the MgtE Mg2+ transporters include a cystathionine-beta-synthase (CBS) domain which is known to play a regulatory function in transporter proteins.	4.5
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	The CBS domain, whose function is unknown to date, may participate in the binding of the adenosyl moiety of coenzymes (adenine and pyridine nucleotides, CoA [or acyl-CoA thioesters]) and may have a role as a structural or regulatory component.	5
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	The GTPase domain, through yet unknown mechanisms, may play a regulatory role on this property of dynamin to connect the membrane to the actin cytoskeleton and on the intracellular sites where this adaptor function must be achieved.	1
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	These results support that the peptide of the GS binding domain may play a regulatory role in the redox function of SQR.	1
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	A PDB ID query, such as 1M54 as shown in Figure 2 (top), a crystal structure of cystathionine beta-synthase, will return a list of PFAM chain architectures present in that PDB, in this case simply '(PALP)' for pyridoxal-phosphate dependent enzymes (Figure 2, just below the first arrow).	2
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	Homocysteine can be condensed with serine by the pyridoxal phosphate (PLP)-dependent enzyme cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS) to form cystathionine.	2
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	Human cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS), a pivotal enzyme in the metabolism of homocysteine, is a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate-dependent enzyme that also contains heme, a second cofactor whose function is still unclear.	2
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	It is produced by two pyridoxal-phosphate-dependent enzymes, cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS) and cystathionine gamma-lyase (CGL), and by the detoxifying enzyme mercaptopyruvate sulfurtransferase.	1
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	In this panel, the pyridoxal-phosphate dependent enzyme and cystathionine beta-synthase domains identified by Pfam analysis are highlighted in yellow and pink, respectively.	2.5
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	CBS-pair-EriC-assoc-euk-bac, coexisting with other functional domains, contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains, and mutations within this domain are associated with Bartter syndrome.	2
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	The ligand binding site is in a cleft between the two domains in each subunit, and ligand binding triggers a significant motion of the domains relative to each other.	4
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	Specifically, a shallow ligand binding cleft on the protein's surface is distinct from a ligand binding pocket formed at the interface of two proteins or domains, or from a deep-binding pocket where a majority of the binding site residues are buried below the protein's surface.	2.5
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	The ligand binding site is situated in the cleft between the two domains.	3
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	This is believed to be accomplished via a putative adenosine ligand-binding site, or pocket, formed by the juxtaposition of two CBS domains.	5
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	Taken together, the structural features of TtCsm6 dimer thus suggest that the protein contains two ligand-binding sites: a putative allosteric ligand-binding site at the interface of the CARF domains, and an ssRNA-binding cleft located at the HEPN domain interface, which harbors the ribonuclease active center.	1
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	In the S. pyogenes IMPDH, two CBS domains form a minibarrel structure with a well-defined cleft between domains that may function as a potential binding site for regulatory molecules.	5
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	At1g77670 is predicted to encode pyridoxal phosphate dependent transferase involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites.	4
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	This family is involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids, their derived metabolites, amino sugars and in the synthesis or catabolism of neurotransmitters.	3
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	PLP-dependent enzymes are mainly involved in the regulation of biosynthesis of amino acids, amino acid-derived metabolites, amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	5
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	Application of signature-tagged mutagenesis to Psv NCPPB 3335 during colonization of olive knots identified the following: 18 genes involved in the biosynthetic pathways of nine of the 20 amino acids found in proteins, five genes related to the biosynthesis of the vitamins biotin, cobalamin, and thiamine, and three genes encoding putative citrate, sulfate and amino acid transporters.	1
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	The interactive pathways explorer (iPath2) was used to map the functional genes involved in Metabolism, specifically Carbohydrate Metabolism, Amino Acid Metabolism, Biosynthesis of Other Secondary Metabolites and Metabolism of Terpenoids and Polyketides along with the root exudate compounds categorized as amino acids, phenolics and sugars (Figure S2)	1
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	A domains of the NRPS involved in the biosynthesis of 8, which contains two Lys-derived amino acids (Figure 1), are the only enzymes for these ACL-containing compounds that have been biochemically interrogated in vitro.31 When using the amino acid-dependent ATP-32PPi exchange assay, the results with the full-length mycobactin NRPS proteins MbtE (C-A-T-C-T domains) and MbtF (C-A-T-C domains), which are responsible for incorporating the two l-Lys units per final product, have revealed that in both ***shortened***	1
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	CBS domains were originally identified in human cystathionine-beta-synthase and subsequently found in thousands of cytosolic and membrane-associated proteins from all kingdoms of life.	5
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	The CBS domain, alternatively called the Bateman domain, is a small domain that was originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and that has subsequently been found in a wide range of proteins, usually occurring in tandem repeats.	5
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	TM, transmembrane domain; MA, the signature methyl-accepting domain of chemoreceptors; HAMP, HAMP-type signal transduction module; Pfam Cache2, an extracellular domain that is predicted to have a role in small-molecule recognition; Pfam NIT, nitrate- and nitrite-sensing domain; Pfam PilZ, c-di-GMP-sensing domain; Pfam Chase, a domain found in the extracellular portion of receptor-like proteins; Pfam hemerythrin, cation-binding domain; PAS, small-molecule-binding domain; PAC, a motif that occurs  ***shortened***	1
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	(4) CBS (cystathionine beta synthase) domain is a small intracellular module with 60-amino-acid residues, mostly found in two or four copies within a protein and occurs in several proteins in all kingdoms of life.	5
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	The cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS) domain is an evolutionarily conserved protein domain and is defined by sequence motifs that have been identified in various proteins from all three kingdoms of life (Ignoul & Eggermont, 2005).	5
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	Hypothetical protein Lpg0741 carries a CBS domain (Pfam00571), a conserved domain known from cystathionine beta synthase which is frequently found in different bacterial and eukaryotic proteins.	5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	The CBS domain, alternatively called the Bateman domain, is a small domain that was originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and that has subsequently been found in a wide range of proteins, usually occurring in tandem repeats.	5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	CBS domains usually occur in tandem pairs, forming a so-called CBS pair or Bateman module (Bateman, 1997), although some proteins such as 5'-AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and its homologues have revealed tetra-repeat units (Ignoul & Eggermont, 2005).	5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	This tandem pair of CBS domains is now often referred to as a Bateman domain.	4.5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	AMPKgamma subunits whose sizes vary from the length of N terminal domain, contain four cystathionine-beta-synthase (CBS) which make up two Bateman domains in a series of tandem repeats (CBS1 and CBS2 in Bateman domains 1, CBS3 and CBS4 in Bateman domains 2).	4.5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	As expected based upon examination of other CBS domain protein structures, the two tandem CBS domains in each protein chain are related by pseudo two-fold symmetry to form a single "Bateman domain".	4.5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	CBS domains usually occur in tandem repeats.	4.5
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	The CBS-pair domains contain an enlarged loop that has been proposed to bind PRL phosphatases 12.	1
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	In the structure, the CBS-pair domain is present as a dimer in the head-to-head arrangement that is typical for other CBS-pair domains.	1.5
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	CLCN6 has four conserved domains, where ClC	6	like and CBS-pair-EriC-assoc-euk-bac are the most likely functional domains.	2.5
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	In the complexes, an extended loop from the CBS-pair domains inserts an aspartic acid residue into the PRL active site.	1
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	Kushwaha et al. identified 34 CBS domain-containing proteins (CDCPs) in Arabidopsis and 59 in Oryza indicating that the CBS domain coexists with other functional domains.	5
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	Interestingly, mutations within the CBS domains of these proteins lead to a variety of other hereditary diseases.	1
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	Apoptotic cells were identified on the basis of changes in nuclear morphology, such as chromatin condensation and fragmentation.	1.5
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	Apoptotic cells were identified by changes in nuclear morphology, such as chromatin condensation and fragmentation.	1.5
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	Acinus is engaged in nuclear structural changes in normal cells, and essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation by caspase-3.	5
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	Acinus (apoptotic chromatin condensation inducer in the nucleus) is a nuclear protein that has been reported to induce apoptotic chromatin condensation in the nucleus and possibly to mediate nuclear structural changes in normal cells.	5
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	The RNA recognition motif (RRM; also known as ribonucleoprotein domain {RNP} or RNA binding domain {RBD}) was the most highly enriched domain in DRBPs (p = 2 x 10-26).	3.5
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	One of the most common eukaryotic RNA binding domains is the RNA recognition motif (RRM), also known as the RNA binding domain (RBD) or the ribonucleoprotein (RNP) domain.	3
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	The RNA recognition motif (RRM), also referred to as RNA-binding domain (RBD) or ribonucleoprotein domain (RNP), is the most abundant nucleic acid-binding motif in the human genome.	2.5
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	Another family contains RNA recognition motif/RNA-binding domain/ribonucleoprotein (RRM/RBD/RNP) domain and these proteins, referred to as RNPs, are suspected to regulate larger sets of RNAs.	2
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	The RNA recognition motif (RRM), also known as RNA-binding domain (RBD) or ribonucleoprotein domain (RNP) is considered to be one of the most abundant protein domains.	3
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	TIAR is a 375-amino acid protein belonging to the RNA-recognition motif (RRM) containing a family of RNA-binding proteins [also known as the RNA-binding domain (RBD) or ribonucleoprotein domain (RNP)].	1.5
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	Subsequently, caspase-3 initiates apoptosis by promoting DNA fragmentation through caspase-activated DNase (CAD), chromatin condensation via apoptotic chromatin condensation inducer in the nucleus (ACINUS), and acceleration of DNA degradation through cleavage of cytosolic helicase with an N-terminal caspase-recruitment domain (HELI-CARD; Liu et al.,; Enari et al.,; Sahara et al.,; Kovacsovics et al.,).	3.5
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	Acinus is a nuclear factor that is required, after its cleavage by caspase-3, for apoptotic chromatin condensation.	4.5
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	DFFs form heterodimeric complex that mediates regulated apoptotic chromatin condensation and DNA fragmentation, and DFF40 is released and activated upon DFF45 cleavage by caspase-3.	1
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	Another caspase	3	activated factor, named acinus, induces chromatin condensation without affecting DNA fragmentation.	5
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	ACIN11 is a nuclear protein that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after activation by caspase-3, without inducing DNA fragmentation.	1
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	Apoptosis-related chromatin condensation is believed to be mediated primarily by the nuclear protein acinus (apoptotic chromatin condensation inducer in the nucleus) after its cleavage by activated caspase 3.	5
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	Examples include ALAD, which contains both a structural five-coordinate Zn(II) active site and a catalytically active four-coordinate Zn(II) site, CuNiR, which contains both a T1- and a T2Cu center, and Cu,ZnSOD, which has very similar ligand environments surrounding the copper and zinc ions.	3
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	CuNiR also contains a second copper center, a CuT1 site, ~12 A apart, that serves as an electron source for the redox reaction at the catalytic site.	4
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	Of particular interest is the type 2 copper center Cu(His)3, which may act as an electron transfer center in peptidylglycine alpha-hydroxylating monooxygenase (PHM) or a catalytic center in copper nitrite reductase (CuNiR).	2.5
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	Overlay of the Zn(II)(His)3(OH2/OH-) site in Hg(II)SZn-(II)N(CSL19PenL23H)3+ (protein ligands: dark blue; zinc: dark blue sphere; zinc-bound water: red sphere) and the T1Cu center in CuNiR from R. sphaeroides (PDB code: 2DY2. Protein ligands: light green and teal; copper: cyan sphere; copper-bound water: light pink sphere).	2.5
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	Another residue (Phe), which is numbered in Fig. 2 to indicate interaction with the type 1 copper center and is located nearest the carboxyl terminus of the protein, varies in laccases from different sources and is considered a residue that is probably important in governing the reduction-oxidation potential of type 1 copper centers.	1
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	Each monomer of typical CuNiR contains two copper sites: Type 1 Cu (T1Cu) with a Cys-Met-His2 ligand set and Type 2 Cu (T2Cu) with a His3 ligand set.	5
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	A significant increase in nitrite reductase activity is achieved by modification of sterics in the second coordination sphere of a type 2 copper center.	2.5
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	For example, in cytochrome c oxidase (CcO), heme a delivers electrons to the heme a3:CuB site, where O2 is reduced to H2O,1 and in copper nitrite reductase (NIR), type-1 copper delivers electrons to type-2 copper, the site of nitrite binding and reduction.2 Moreover, a di-heme enzyme, MauG, possesses two hemes c in distinct spin states with a long-range charge-resonance model.3 It is thus attractive to create functional artificial proteins with multiple active sites for more efficient biocatalys ***shortened***	3
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	This enzyme was trimeric, had six copper atoms per trimer, exhibited an EPR spectrum with characteristics of type 1 and type 2 copper centers and had a high nitrite reductase specific activity.	2.5
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	The second, copper nitrite reductase (NiR), is an essential component of dissimilatory nitrite reduction using a type 1 Cu center to donate an electron to the Cu(His)3 active site which along with protons converts NO2- to NO and H2O.	3
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	Multiple structures measured from one crystal (MSOX data) of copper nitrite reductase at 240 K, together with molecular-dynamics simulations, have revealed protein dynamics at the type 2 copper site that are significant for its catalytic properties and for the entry and exit of solvent or ligands to and from the active site.	5
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	Of particular interest is the type 2 copper center Cu(His)3, which may act as an electron transfer center in peptidylglycine alpha-hydroxylating monooxygenase (PHM) or a catalytic center in copper nitrite reductase (CuNiR).	5
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	Here we show that improving the accessibility of the active site pocket of copper nitrite reductase by mutation of a surface-exposed phenylalanine residue (Phe306), located 12 A away from the catalytic site type-2 Cu (T2Cu), profoundly affects intra-molecular electron transfer, substrate-binding and catalytic activity.	4
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	It is evident that Cys 242 plays a modest role in facilitating electron transfer from NADH to the flavin and only a minimal role in binding of NADH to the enzyme, its mutation to Ser reducing kred/KdNADH by a factor of just over 10.	1
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	The interprotein electron transfer reaction between cytochrome c2 and bacterial reaction center plays an important role in photosynthetic electron transfer.	1
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	It is to be emphasized that the proton egress pathway from the molybdenum center identified by Stadtman and co-workers, beginning with His-141 (analogous to His-379 in the FdsABG enzyme), indeed likely plays an important catalytic role in facilitating deprotonation of the molybdenum center as it is reoxidized to the MoVI state upon subsequent transfer of the second electron out of the molybdenum center.	1
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	These data allow us to: (1) calculate the energy gap between the ground and excited states at room temperature and explain the anomalous temperature dependence of the 13C signals; (2) identify these states as those predicted from quantum mechanical calculations; (3) estimate the experimental electron spin density of the thermally-averaged species resulting at room temperature; (4) provide a description of the electron spin density at the sigmau* and piu states; (5) detect electron spin density d ***shortened***	1
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	The T1 is connected to the T2 center through a cys-his pathway for rapid electron transfer (Figure 1).	5
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	The title compound, N-Benzylphthalimide (2-benzylisoindoline-1,3-dione) (I), plays an important role in photoinduced electron transfer (PET) reactions (Warzecha, Gorner & Griesbeck, 2006).	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	Asp98 is an active site residue that forms an H-bond to nitrite bound to the type-2 Cu site.	2.5
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	ChlP: geranylgeranyl reductase, FLS2: LRR receptor-like serine/threonine-protein kinase FLS2, PF2: plastid fibrillin 2, Lhca2: light-harvesting complex I chlorophyll a/b binding protein 2, ChlE: magnesium-protoporphyrin IX monomethyl ester (oxidative) cyclase, PsbA: photosystem II P680 reaction center D1 protein, PepN: amino peptidase N, CopZ: copper chaperone, SOD1: Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase, GlpQ: glycerophosphoryl diester phosphodiesterase, AHK: arabidopsis histidine kinase, ACP:acid phospha ***shortened***	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	Sequence alignments using both CPR nirK and nirK sequences from well-characterized nitrite-reducing microorganisms revealed that the type 1 and type 2 Cu ligand binding sites were conserved (Additional file 6: Figure S6; Additional file 11).	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	After TCEP reduction, this cysless-UAUA protein bound copper in a histidine-only environment (Fig. S2) suggesting that copper was bound at either the Zn center or in the vestigial Cu center of the SOD-like D2 domain.	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	The nitrite ligand is bound to the ferric center via the O-binding nitrito mode, with an Fe-O bond distance of 2.1 A.	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	Three different protein scenarios were considered as follows: 1) NcLPMO9C without any metal ions; 2) NcLPMO9C with one Cu+ in the histidine brace at the active site and two zinc ions in the structurally resolved metal-binding locations; and 3) NcLPMO9C with Cu+ in the histidine brace, one Cu+ in the metal-binding site closest to the active center, and a zinc ion in the distal loop region.	1
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	Nitrite reductase, which catalyzes the reduction of soluble nitrite into gaseous nitric oxide, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process, and it is encoded by the nirS and nirK genes that encode the cytochrome cd1 and copper nitrite reductases, respectively (Butler and Richardson,).	4.5
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	As a model protein to study damage-free structures of metalloenzymes, we used copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNiR), which is one of the key enzymes in microorganism denitrification and catalyzes one electron reduction of nitrite to nitric oxide (NO2- + 2H+ + e- NO + H2O).	5
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	Analysis of nitrite-reducing genes revealed that all Nitrospira strains encoded a copper-containing dissimilatory nitrite reductase (nirK), which catalyzes the reduction of nitrite to nitric oxide, a key step in the denitrification process.	5
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	Copper or cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase is the key enzyme in the denitrification process catalyzes the nitrite into nitric oxide (NO), subunits of which was encoded by nirK or nirS gene, respectively.	4.5
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	Nitrite reductase was considered the key enzyme in denitrification, containing either cytochrome cd1 encoded gene (nirS denitrifier) or copper encoded gene (nirK denitrifier), could catalyze the reduction of NO2- to nitric oxide (NO).	4.5
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	In denitrifying bacteria, reduction of NO2- to NO, which is catalyzed by nitrite reductase (NIR), is a key step in the denitrification process, because this step leads to a gaseous intermediate.	4.5
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	Although the NiR activity of Cu(II)(TRIL23H)32+ is significantly lower than that of the native NiR (ca. 1500 s-1 at pH 5.8 for Alcaligenes faecalis NiR with Pseudoazurin as the electron donor), the Cu(II)(TRIL23H)32+ construct is an effective functional NiR model in aqueous conditions.	4
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	Pseudoazurin (123 aa) from Alcaligenes faecalis was chosen as a passenger protein.	3
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	Copper-containing nitrite reductase (NiR) from Alcaligenes faecalis S-6 (AfNiR) catalyzes the single electron reduction of nitrite to nitric oxide (NO) in a process known as dissimilatory denitrification.	2
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	Although Cu(II)(TRIL23H)32+ possesses a very low NiR activity compared with the NiR enzyme [~1,500 s-1 at pH 5.8 for Alcaligenes faecalis NiR with Pseudoazurin as the electron donor ], de novo design has provided the only example of a stable and functional Cu(His)3 site in aqueous solution, thus representing a highly advanced model of NiR.	3.5
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	The copper(II) centre of the blue copper protein pseudoazurin from Alcaligenes faecalis has been substituted by zinc(II) via denaturing the protein, chelation and removal of copper and refolding the apoprotein, followed by the addition of an aqueous solution of ZnCl2.	1.5
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	More than a third of the known structures are of the Alcaligenes faecalis protein, representing structures of the native protein (Petratos et al., 1988), various molecular variants containing either copper(II) or copper(I) (Libeu et al., 1997), Cu(I)-PA at two pH values (Vakoufari et al., 1994) and a metal-free apo PA (Petratos et al., 1995).	2
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	Transcriptional regulation by ATF4 occurs through formation of homo- and heterodimers with a variety of partners via its basic leucine zipper (bZIP) domain (Ameri and Harris, 2008).	4
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	Formation of Homo- and Heterodimers between bZIP TFs.	4
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	The bZIP transcription factors are a family of homo- and heterodimerizing proteins involved in the regulation of development, metabolism, circadian rhythm, and many other cellular processes.	5
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	For example, common dimerization domains allow transcription factors in the bZIP or bHLH-LZ families to form a variety of homo- and heterodimers with different properties.	4
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	In this context, homo-and heterodimers formed by bZIP transcription factors are key in the regulation of development and defense responses.	5
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	bZIP proteins are known to play critical regulatory roles in many cellular processes, and different members of this family are known to form both homo- and heterodimers (sometimes with more than one partner).	5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	Signaling in the most conserved branch of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) unfolded protein response (UPR) is initiated by sequence-specific cleavage of the HAC1/XBP1 mRNA by the ER stress-induced kinase-endonuclease IRE1.	5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	In response to ER stress, the endonuclease Ire1 mediates the splicing of a nonconventional intron from the 3' region of HAC1 mRNA, which in turn activates the UPR transcriptional program to restore protein-folding homeostasis.	5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	Upon canonical UPR activation, the transmembrane protein kinase/nuclease Ire1 promotes splicing of HAC1 mRNA, leading to the expression of a shorter, more stable form of the Hac1 transcription factor and upregulation of UPR genes.	5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	Another member of the UPR is IRE1, an ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease, which ultimately allows ER chaperone gene promoters to be activated.	4.5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	The non-conventional splicing of Hac1 (yeasts) and XBP1 (metazoans) mRNA, encoding orthologous UPR transcription activators, is conserved and dependent on Ire1, an ER membrane-resident kinase/endoribonuclease.	4.5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	In yeast, UPR is dependent on IRE1, which is a bi-functional kinase and endonuclease that cleaves a non-conventional intron from HAC1 mRNA, which encodes a transcription factor (bZIP).	5
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	In humans, Nrf2 protein has 605 amino acids, a molecular weight of 66 kDa and contains a basic region leucine zipper-type (bZIP) motif in its C-terminal domain.	2
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	The bZIP proteins are structurally similar and typically possess a DNA binding domain which consists of a basic region involved in recognition and sequence-specific binding to DNA and a leucine zipper, which contains a coiled-coil structure with heptad repeats of leucines (appearing at an interval of six amino acids), responsible for dimerization (Fig. 1).	5
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	The bZIP domain generally contains 60-80 amino acids, and a basic region for DNA binding and nuclear translocation, followed by a leucine-zipper motif for dimerization.	4
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	The bZIP structural motif is a long bipartite alpha-helix of 60 to 80 amino acids in length and comprises a basic region and a leucine zipper.	4
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	The bZIP transcription factors contain a highly conserved bZIP domain composed of two structural features: a basic region (N-X7-R/K-X9) for sequence-specific DNA binding and a leucine zipper composed of several heptad repeats of Leu or other bulky hydrophobic amino acids, such as Ile, Val, Phe, or Met, for dimerization specificity.	5
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	Fos related antigen 2 (Fra2) is a member of the multifunctional activator protein 1 (AP-1) family; this family includes the bZip group of transcription factors, which are characterized by a DNA-binding domain which contains clustered basic amino acids next to a leucine-zipper motif that is responsible for mediating dimerization of the transcription factors.	2.5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	ER stress could result in the accumulation of unfolded proteins in the ER to activate the unfolded protein response (UPR), in which the unconventional splicing of HAC1 mRNA by kinase/RNase Ire1p and tRNA ligase Rlg1p produces Hac1p (a bZIP-type transcription factor) and Hac1p further activates the transcription of UPR target genes in the protein secretory pathway.	4.5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	Aggregation of misfolded protein in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) induces a cellular protective response to ER stress, the unfolded protein response (UPR), which is mediated by a basic leucine zipper (bZIP) transcription factor, Hac1p/Xbp1.	4.5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	Here, we use Hac1, a well-characterized basic leucine zipper (bZIP) transcription factor involved in the unfolded protein response (UPR) as a model to investigate interactions between bZIP transcription factors and their target sites.	5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	The yeast unfolded protein response (UPR) involves two unique participants, the Ire1p transmembrane receptor kinase/endonuclease, and the basic leucine zipper (bZip) transcription factor Hac1p, which transactivates genes bearing UPRE elements (; Patil and Walter, 2004).	4.5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	Here, we investigate the mechanisms that drive bZIP target site recognition using Hac1, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae transcription factor involved in the highly conserved unfolded protein response (UPR).	4.5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	Activation of Ire1p induces a novel spliced form of HAC1 mRNA that produces Hac1p, a transcription factor that is required for activation of the transcription of genes under the control of the unfolded-protein response (UPR) element.	4.5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	Hac1ip then binds to the UPR element (UPRE) in the promoters of ER chaperone genes and activates their transcription.	5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	Upon activation of the UPR, HAC1 mRNA is spliced in an Ire1p-dependent manner to generate Hac1p, which binds the UPRE and activates transcription of the chaperone genes.	5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	Spliced HAC1 RNA is translated into a functional transcription factor, which activates the expression of UPR target genes include the folding chaperones KAR2 and PDI1 (Mattanovich et al.).	5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	Splicing ultimately allows translation of HAC1 into a potent transcriptional activator that binds to the promoters of genes containing UPR elements (UPRE-1, -2, and -3 and others, still not well defined) and activates their transcription.	4.5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	The spliced HAC1 transcript produces the Hac1p basic leucine zipper transcription factor that binds to the UPR element of genes such as KAR2 but also regulates UASINO containing promoters by counteracting the function of Opi1p.	5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	The properly spliced HAC1 transcript produces the Hac1p basic leucine zipper transcription factor that binds to the UPR element (UPRE) of target genes such as KAR2 but also regulates UASINO-containing promoters by counteracting the function of Opi1p.	5
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	These proteins dimerize through their leucine zippers and bind to DNA through their adjacent basic regions.	4
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	Another large TF family are the basic leucine zippers (bZIPs); the members of this family are characterized by a 40-80 amino acid conserved bZIP domain, which possesses a basic region that binds DNA and an adjacent Leu (leucine) zipper region that mediates protein dimerization.	4.5
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	The dimerization of leucine zippers brings the basic regions at the N-termini of bZIP domains into close proximity and thereby enables them to insert into the major grooves of DNA at the promoter regions in an optimal fashion in a manner akin to a pair of forceps.	5
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	Other known bZIP proteins have leucine-rich alpha-helix regions that mediate protein dimerization and stabilize core basic amino acid regions so that they can bind to two adjacent major grooves in DNA.	4.5
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	The heptad leucine repeats, characteristic of leucine zippers, are involved in the dimerization of some DNA-binding proteins.	3.5
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	Elastin-like polypeptides, leucine-zippers, and resilin polymers undergo this conformational change reversibly, while collagen motifs undergo conformational changes irreversibly.	2
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	Preliminary biophysical analysis on Rpo13 purified following expression in E. coli has shown that in solution Rpo13 forms predominantly dimers, a behaviour displayed by other transcription factors, including TFIIF which contains a specific dimerization domain preceding the charged region.	1
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	For oligomerization, we applied the CH2 dimerization domain of IgE (EHD2), the tetramerization domain of p53 (aa 320-359) that exhibits an antiparallel arrangement of the domains (dimer of dimers) resulting in a tetrahedron-like 3D structure, and GCN4 (aa 249-281), a mutated helix from the yeast transcription factor GCN4, with a parallel arrangement of the four coiled-coil domains (Fig. 1A).	1
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	The specific STAT3-blocking phosphopeptide used in these experiments functions by binding the SH2 domain and preventing dimerization with other STATs, suggesting that PAX3-FKHR, like FKHR, may form a complex with STAT dimers to alter STAT transcription.	1
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	GCs are understood to mediate their classical genomic effects by binding to the cytoplasmic GR in target cells, resulting in the dissociation of inhibitory proteins, followed by dimerization, nuclear translocation and regulation of transcription of target genes in a cell- and gene-specific manner (Figure 1).	1
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	Interleukin 6 (IL-6), Janus-activated kinases, epidermal growth factor receptor, and Src family kinases are among the activators of STAT-3, all of which phosphorylate critical tyrosine and serine residues, leading to STAT-3 dimerization, nuclear translocation of dimers, and initiation of transcription through their specific binding to DNA response elements in the promoter region of target genes.	1
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	Binding of P to PR induces a conformational change leading to dissociation of chaperones, receptor dimerization, binding of receptor dimers to specific P-response elements in enhancer regions and the promoters of target genes, and recruitment of specific coactivators and general transcription factors, resulting in modulation of transcription of those genes.	1
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a GEF domain (GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second GEF domain (GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a Kinase domain.	5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	Trio and UNC-73 are large proteins closely related to Kalirin that possess numerous domains including a Sec14p domain, multiple spectrin-like repeats, an SH3 domain, and two DH-PH Rho GEF domains (RhoGEF-1 specific for Rac1/RhoG and RhoGEF-2 specific for RhoA) (Fig. 3).	4.5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	Full-length Trio (Trio FL, ~342 kDa) contains a Sec14 homology domain (aa 8-145), followed by nine spectrin repeats (aa 161-1187), tandem DH-PH-SH3 domain combinations with GEF activity for Rac1 (aa 1234-1533) and RhoA (aa 1911-2213), an immunoglobulin (Ig)-like domain (aa 2626-2717) and a catalytic kinase domain (aa 2737-2979).	4.5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	Trio has an N-terminal sec14-like domain, spectrin-like repeats, two GEF domains (GEF1 and GEF2), an immunoglobulin (Ig)-like domain, and a C-terminal Ser/Thr kinase domain.	4.5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	(C) Schematic overview of TRIO, including the known domains (N-terminal SEC14 domain, several spectrin repeats, two DH-PH Rho-GEF units, Ig-like domain and C-terminal putative serine/threonine kinase domain).	4
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	The largest isoform, Kalirin12, contains an N-terminal Sec14 lipid binding domain, nine tandem spectrin repeats, two Rho-GEF (PH-DH) domains, two SH3 domains, an Ig/FnIII domain and a Ser/Thr kinase domain (Fig. 1A).	4.5
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	PH domains are small protein modules that occur in a large variety of ~250 proteins, including Akt/Rac family serine/threonine kinases, Btk/Itk/Tec subfamily tyrosine kinases, phosphoinositide-specific phospholipase C (PLC), the Rho family of GTPases, insulin receptor substrates (IRSs), and cytoskeletal proteins, suggesting their broad and important roles in cell signaling and regulation.	5
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	p21-activated kinases (PAKs) are a family of serine/threonine proteins that can be activated by multiple signaling molecules, particularly the Rho family small GTPases, the central regulators of the cytoskeletal structure.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	However, other significant connections were quite revealing: GAP and GEF proteins are regulated by tyrosine kinases; GTPases regulate PtIns kinases and serine/threonine kinases, and PtdIns kinases are also regulated by tyrosine and serine/threonine kinases; lipids regulate adaptors and actin regulators; serine/threonine and tyrosine phosphatases dephosphorylate serine/threonine and tyrosine kinases, correspondingly.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases adaptors, as well as in cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid-associated enzymes.	5
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	Up to date, more than 50 proteins have been reported to be associated with focal contacts, including cytoskeletal proteins (e.g., vinculin, tensin, paxillin, alpha-actinin and talin), tyrosine kinases (e.g., Src, FAK, PYK2), serine/threonine kinases (e.g., ILK, PKC), modulator of small GTPases (e.g., ASAP1, Graf), tyrosine phosphatases (e.g., SHP-2) and other enzymes (e.g., PI3-kinase).	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	The selected genes were categorized according to one of the following predicted protein functions or domains: adhesion molecules, adenylate and guanylate cyclases, cytoskeletal proteins and binding proteins (such as proteins with WH and FERM domains), G proteins, GTPase-activating proteins (GAPs), GEFs, GTPases, kinases, lipid-associated proteins (such as phospholipases or proteins containing PH and PX domains), miscellaneous proteins (such as transcription factors, PI phosphotyrosine-binding do ***shortened***	2
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	Trio belongs to a subfamily of DH-GEFs, which includes Duet, Kalirin, Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73, and Drosophila Trio.	2.5
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	Ce Caenorhabditis elegans (ECT-2: NP-496318.1, RHGF-1: NP-509791, RHGF-2: NP-494723.1, UNC-73 (C-terminal RhoGEF): AAC71110.1, VAV-1: NP-001041223.1), Dm Drosophila melanogaster (Pebble: NP-729306.1, RhoGEF-2d: NP-477317.1, Trio (C-terminal RhoGEF): NP-728561.1, Vav: NP-573372.1), Hs Homo sapiens (ARHGEF-11b: NP-937879.1, Ect-2: NP-060568.3, PLEKHG5: NP-941374.2, PLEKHG6: NP-001138329.1, Kalirin (C-terminal RhoGEF): NP-008995.2, Vav1: AAB34377.1), Mm Mus musculus (Syx: NP-001004156) and Rn Rattu ***shortened***	1
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	Genetic analysis of Trio orthologs in Caenorhabditis elegans (UNC-73) and in Drosophila melanogaster (D-Trio) have established Trio as a key component in the regulation of axon guidance and cell migration.	2.5
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	TRIO shares the same overall architecture as KALRN, as do Drosophila trio and Caenorhabditis elegans unc-73, paralogues of KALRN and TRIO (Figure 1B).	2.5
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	Among the proteins able to interact with the cytosolic domain of PAM, we previously identified two RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologues of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73.	2.5
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	UNC-73 mammalian homologs Trio and Kalirin also function in the cellular secretory pathway.	3
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	Unlike most Dbl-family GEFs, Trio has two DH/PH cassettes (Figure 1(a)); the first DH/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG, while the second DH/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	5
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	Only the C-terminal RhoA-specific and not the N-terminal Rac1/RhoG-specific DH-PH cassette of Trio and Kalirin bear significant homology to p63RhoGEF (Fig. 8A).	5
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	The N-terminal DH-PH cassette mediates GDP for GTP exchange on Rac1 and RhoG, whereas the C-terminal DH-PH cassette activates RhoA.	5
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	Together, these data strongly suggest that the N-terminal DH/PH cassette of Trio might use its PH domain similarly to Dbs when catalyzing exchange on its cognate GTPases Rac1 and RhoG.	4
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	The N-terminal DH-PH cassette is Rac1/RhoG-specific, whereas the C-terminal DH-PH cassette is RhoA-specific.	5
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	The N-terminal DH-PH unit (TrioD1) mediates GDP to GTP exchange on Rac1 and RhoG, whereas the C-terminal DH-PH unit (TrioD2) activates RhoA.	5
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	The DH domain of p63RhoGEF (GEFT) closely resembles the second DH domain of Trio and Kalirin and all three enzymes exhibit basal inhibition through their associated PH domains.	4.5
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	The alignment was generated by the Promals3D server using sequences of human p63RhoGEF (GenBank ID NM-182947), human Kalirin (Q9Y2A5), human Trio (AAC34245), and mouse Dbs (Q64096), and the structures of the DH/PH domains in p63RhoGEF (PDB ID: 2RGN), Dbs (1LB1), and TrioN (1NTY).	1.5
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	This mechanism appears to be conserved in the related Dbl family members, Trio and Kalirin . Activation occurs when the Galphaq/11 subunit binds to specific amino acids in the PH domain plus its adjacent conserved amino acid stretch (extended PH domain) of p63RhoGEF, thus causing a structural reorganization in p63RhoGEF and relief of autoinhibition.	4
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	The second set of DH/PH domains in Trio (TrioC) is closely related to that of p63RhoGEF and is likewise selective for RhoA.	4
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	Trio and Kalirin are closely related proteins that contain two sets of DH/PH domains and a much more complex domain structure than p63RhoGEF (Fig. 2b).	3
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	Only the C-terminal RhoA-specific and not the N-terminal Rac1/RhoG-specific DH-PH cassette of Trio and Kalirin bear significant homology to p63RhoGEF (Fig. 8A).	4.5
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	Indeed, less than a quarter of all mammalian PH domains bind lipids, and of those that do, less than 10% bind phosphoinositides with high specificity and affinity.	5
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	A few of the PH domains that bind particular phosphoinositides with high affinity and specificity have become frequently-used tools (when fused to green fluorescent protein [GFP]) for analyzing phosphoinositide distribution in cells.	2.5
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	They are best known for their ability to bind phosphoinositides with high affinity and specificity, although it is now clear that less than 10% of all PH domains share this property.	5
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	Because RA domains bind activated Ras-family GTPases that are associated with membranes and PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs), which are constituents of the inner leaflet of the plasma membrane (PM), the RA-PH domains are considered to be a membrane-association module.	1
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	Only a small number of PH domains are capable of binding phosphoinositide with high affinity and specificity.	4.5
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	Interestingly, only 15 or approximately 10% of all known PH domains bind with high affinity to the head group of phosphoinositides, whereas the others bind phosphoinositides and inositol phosphates weakly and without specificity.	5
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	In general, agonist-triggered recruitment of PH domain-containing proteins to the plasma membrane involves activation of PI3-kinase, which results in the production of PtdIns-3,4-P2 and/or PtdIns-3,4,5-P3, to which PH domains of the host proteins target and bind 303132.	3.5
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	PH domains can be subdivided into four groups based on their selective binding to phosphoinositides, and GAB1 PH domain belongs to Group 1 which exhibits the strongest binding to PtdIns(3,4,5)P3, but weak affinity and specificity to PtdIns(3,4)P2 or PtdIns(4,5)P2.	3.5
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	Many high-affinity PH domains bind to the d-3 phosphorylated inositol lipids phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate (PtdIns(3,4,5)P3) and phosphatidylinositol (3,4)-bisphosphate (PtdIns(3,4)P2), whose synthesis is driven by activated cell surface receptors; this causes recruitment of the PH domain-containing proteins to the plasma membrane, where they participate in the subsequent signal transduction cascade.	4
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	Thus, just like other PH domains that preferentially bind PtdIns(3,4,5)P3, PBDs demonstrates an absolute requirement for two vicinal phosphate groups.	4
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	Consistently, higher Ca2+ concentrations abolished the binding affinity of the IRS1 PH domain to PIPs, including PI(3,4)P2, PI(4,5)P2, and PI(3,4,5)P3 (Fig. 4D), suggesting that Ca2+ inhibits the binding of PH domains to PIPs with two adjacent phosphate groups.	3
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	To a greater or lesser extent, all of the phosphorylated inositol lipids signal via the binding of their specific inositol phosphate head groups to several defined protein domains, the best studied of which are the binding of PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 to a subfamily of PH-domain containing proteins at the inner leaflet of the plasma membrane and the binding of PtdIns(3)P to FYVE or PX domains at the cytoplasmic face of endosomes and autophagosomes (Lemmon,).	2.5
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	This control allows for fine-tuning of the cellular phenotype, including regulation of proliferation, cell signaling, and apoptosis; not surprisingly, microRNAs contribute to liver cancer biology.	1
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	Signaling through the two neuregulin receptors may provide balanced, opposing effects on PCs, ultimately fine-tuning this secretory population and the intestinal stem cell niche.	1
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	EGF receptors (EGFR) form molecular complexes with multiple integrin extracellular matrix receptors leading to EGFR transactivation and fine-tuning of adhesion-induced cell signaling responses.	1
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	Impaired signaling leading to increased Kalirin/Trio RhoGEF activity could contribute to the development of pathological states.	4
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	Regulation at these steps would allow fine tuning of the set of peptides released by a single secretory cell type.	4
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	The participation of diverse desensitization mechanisms presumably allows cell-specific fine-tuning of endothelin signaling.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	A conserved region with some homology to PH domains is also present within the N-terminus of CFTR.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	HMMer identified next to the PH- and PTB-domain 5 potential conserved domains in the N-terminus of the protein sequence.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	As in other species, zplcgamma1 encodes a pleckstrin homology domain (PH domain) in the N terminus of the protein, two catalytic domains (X and Y), and a conserved C2 domain in the C-terminal region.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	Both Phyre2 and iTasser reveal a conserved N- to C-terminal domain architecture within the family: an unstructured N terminus, a GRAM domain structurally similar to pleckstrin homology (PH) domains, a previously unannotated StART-like domain also called a VASt domain; and a C-terminal hydrophobic alpha helix.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	As this PH domain is not conserved in the closely related TRPM5, we constructed a chimeric channel consisting of the N-terminus and transmembrane domains of TRPM4 together with the C-terminus of TRPM5, and found that this TRPM4/cM5 channel also displayed desensitization similar to TRPM5 and has an extremely reduced PIP2 sensitivity.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	Both isoforms share a conserved histidine-lysine-aspartate amino acid domain that forms the catalytic site, as well as conserved phox homology (PX) and PH regulatory domains at the N terminus.	1
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	They are often involved in targeting proteins to the plasma membrane, with a few displaying strong specificity in lipid binding.	1
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	Thus, both B6.4-13 and B13-17 display strong lipid binding to TO/W interface.	1
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	Although most lipid-binding PH domains interact weakly or promiscuously with a range of lipid targets, a few PH domains have high specificity and submicromolar affinity for specific phospholipids.	5
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	Side-chain specificity in PLCbeta lipid binding has not, to our knowledge, been previously reported.	1
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	(D) Specificity of lipid binding of SNX1.	1
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	This lipid specificity is also observed in lipid-binding studies.	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	Restriction endonucleases share very little sequence conservation; however many contain a common catalytic fold from the PD-(D/E)xK super-family.	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	Although there is little amino acid sequence conservation among PH domains, they share a common beta-barrel fold comprised of two beta sheets and a C-terminal alpha-helical cap.	4.5
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	Ubiquitin and ubiquitin-like proteins share a common fold despite their low sequence conservation.	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	We conclude that the conservation of electrostatically enabled excited state quenching of conserved Trps, in the absence of precise sequence homology, is an evolved property of the crystallin fold.	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	Despite low sequence conservation, TTS effector-binding chaperones share a common fold and effector binding mode.	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	All of these structures share a similar fold, which directly reflects a high degree of sequence conservation and strongly suggests a common function.	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	PH domains share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	5
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	A grove between the BEACH and PH domains is believed to be involved in an unknown intermolecular interaction, and loss of this binding site through domain destabilization may result in change of location of the proteins, contributing to cancer development.	1.5
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	PH domains are found in a wide variety of proteins involved in intracellular signaling (including several that interact with small GTPases) or as constituents of the cytoskeleton targeting proteins to the cytosolic face of cellular membranes.	4
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	In addition, PH domains are often involved in targeting proteins to the plasma membrane.	4
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	The hamI gene encodes an 858-amino-acid (aa) protein containing two conserved domains: a sterile alpha motif (SAM), which is a potential protein-protein interaction domain in scaffold proteins, and a pleckstrin homology-like (PH) domain, which is typically responsible for targeting a protein to the appropriate cellular location (Fig. 1E).	4
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	PH domains are generally regarded as lipid-binding modules capable of targeting PH domain proteins to the cell membrane or detecting lipid signals generated in cellular signaling processes.	4.5
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	These adaptor proteins contain functional domains such as the proline-rich, Src-homology (SH) 2, SH3, phosphotyrosine-binding, or pleckstrin homology (PH) domains required for interaction with their partner proteins.	3.5
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	Neurones and neuroendocrine cells release secretory vesicles (granules) into the "regulated" secretory pathway, where the vesicles remain in the cell for an extended period of time, or the "constitutive" pathway, in which the secretory cargo leaves the cell promptly after transit through the trans-Golgi network, even in the absence of stimulation.	1
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	Kalirin/Trio RhoGEF signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	5
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	Soluble cargo proteins are diverted away from the regulated secretory pathway and constitutive secretion is increased.	1
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	Taken together, although cargo-regulated signaling may cause an increase in the rate of initiation, it seems that many cargos enter the endocytic pathway by diffusing into preformed endocytic sites.	1.5
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	To what extent the secretory pathway is regulated by cellular signaling is unknown.	1
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	Note that secretory protein cargo in the regulated and constitutive secretory pathways contains conventional leader peptides for co-translational import into the ER lumen, whereas protein cargo that enters the unconventional secretory pathway lacks leader peptides and does not enter the ER.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	The selected genes were categorized according to one of the following predicted protein functions or domains: adhesion molecules, adenylate and guanylate cyclases, cytoskeletal proteins and binding proteins (such as proteins with WH and FERM domains), G proteins, GTPase-activating proteins (GAPs), GEFs, GTPases, kinases, lipid-associated proteins (such as phospholipases or proteins containing PH and PX domains), miscellaneous proteins (such as transcription factors, PI phosphotyrosine-binding do ***shortened***	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	PH domains are small protein modules that occur in a large variety of ~250 proteins, including Akt/Rac family serine/threonine kinases, Btk/Itk/Tec subfamily tyrosine kinases, phosphoinositide-specific phospholipase C (PLC), the Rho family of GTPases, insulin receptor substrates (IRSs), and cytoskeletal proteins, suggesting their broad and important roles in cell signaling and regulation.	4.5
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	Up to date, more than 50 proteins have been reported to be associated with focal contacts, including cytoskeletal proteins (e.g., vinculin, tensin, paxillin, alpha-actinin and talin), tyrosine kinases (e.g., Src, FAK, PYK2), serine/threonine kinases (e.g., ILK, PKC), modulator of small GTPases (e.g., ASAP1, Graf), tyrosine phosphatases (e.g., SHP-2) and other enzymes (e.g., PI3-kinase).	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	Studies have revealed presence of cytoskeletal proteins (tensin, vinculin, paxillin, alpha-actinin, parvin/actopaxin and talin), tyrosine kinases (Src, FAK, PYK2, Csk and Abl), serine/threonine kinases (ILK, PKC and PAK), modulators of small GTPases (ASAP1, Graf and PSGAP), tyrosine phosphatases (SHP-2 and LAR PTP) and other enzymes (PI 3-kinase and the protease calpain II).	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	The lipid product of phosphoinositide 3-kinases (PI3Ks), phosphoinositide (3,4,5) tri-phosphate (PI(3,4,5)P3), binds to the pleckstrin homology (PH) domains of proteins and controls an array of signaling molecules including serine or threonine kinases such as PKB (also known as AKT), Tec family tyrosine kinases and guanine nucleotide exchange proteins for Rac and Rho-family GTPases.	3.5
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	PI(3,4,5)P3, is a high-affinity docking site for pleckstrin homology (PH) domains in a large variety of signaling molecules and the increased levels of PI(3,4,5)P3 in the plasma membrane of activated T cells creates a signaling platform for the assembly of molecules such as TEC family tyrosine kinases, Rac/Rho guanine nucleotide exchange proteins and the serine/threonine kinases, Phosphoinositide-Dependent Protein Kinase-1 (PDK1) and Protein Kinase B (PKB)/Akt.	4
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	Two orthologs of Trio/Kalirin exist in invertebrates, the unc-73 gene in C. elegans and D-Trio in Drosophila.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	While the Drosophila TRIO gene encodes neither an Ig nor a Fn domain, C. elegans UNC73, the paralog of Kalirin and Trio, encodes tandem IgFn domains and mammalian TRIO genes encode a single Ig domain.	3
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	Kalirin and Trio are unique in having two RhoGEF domains and multiple spectrin-like repeats.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	The IgFn regions of mammalian Kalirin and Trio are more divergent than any other domain.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	Finally, six of the phosphorylation sites that we identified are completely evolutionarily conserved from human through Drosophila and C. elegans, where Kalirin and Trio are encoded by a single gene.	4
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	Here we show that the RhoGEF proteins Kalirin and Trio are the substrates of CaMKII responsible for LTP induction.	1
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	These data, together, indicate that Kalirin and Trio splice variants are expressed in secretory tissues and are differentially associated with TGN, endosomes, and immature granules.	3.5
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	Thus, our results suggest that Kalirin and Trio proteins together support a level of actin polymerization within spines critical for both the structure and function of excitatory synapses.	1
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	Given that Kalirin and Trio are functionally redundant proteins in their support of synaptic structure and function, it stands to reason that they would serve functionally redundant roles in their support of LTP.	1
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	Trio and Kalirin (also known as Duo), both having several isoforms, are multidomain containing Rac GEFs that share high sequence homology.	4.5
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	The multidomain structure of Kalirin and Trio is suggestive of complex regulation.	3.5
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	For both Kalirin and Trio, GEF1 activates Rac1 and RhoG, while GEF2 activates RhoA; splice variants that include only one or the other GEF domain have been identified.	3
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	It has been suggested that CD28 plays an important role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton.	1
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	One clue to the role of actin at the Golgi apparatus is the finding that ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF), the GTP-binding protein that plays an essential role in regulating the assembly of transport vesicles, also regulates the actin cytoskeleton.	1
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	Annexin A2 phosphorylation on tyrosine 23 plays an essential role in regulating cofilin-dependent actin cytoskeleton dynamics.	1
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	The Rho family of GTPases plays an essential role in cellular motility by regulating the organization of the actin cytoskeleton.	2
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	In addition, mTORC2 plays an important role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton.	1
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	Thus, Bni1p plays an important role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton.	1
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	This included Rac1, which plays a central role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axon guidance . Proteins that peaked at p20 in the synaptosomal fraction and at p45 in the mitochondria fraction were associated with the metabolism of ATP.	1
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	The UBX domains also resemble ubiquitin and ubiquitin-like domains, and with few exceptions, all characterized UBX domains are implicated in binding to the AAA (ATPase associated with various activities) ATPase, known as p97 or valosin-containing protein (VCP) in mammals and Cdc48 in yeast.	1.5
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	The Ub-binding activity of NZF domains was first discovered in studies of mammalian nuclear protein localization 4 (Npl4) protein, which functions together with the ubiquitin fusion degradation 1 (Ufd1) protein to form an adaptor complex for the AAA ATPase, p97/Cdc48.	1.5
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	The AAA+ ATPase p97, also known as valosin-containing protein (VCP) in vertebrates (p97/VCP) or Cdc48 in worms and lower eukaryotes (p97/Cdc48), is a central component of the ubiquitin-proteasome system (UPS).	1.5
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	The AAA ATPase p97 (also known as VCP; Cdc48 in yeast) is involved in a plethora of cellular activities mediated via different adaptor proteins (see ref. for review).	1.5
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	Cdc48 (p97/VCP) is an AAA-ATPase molecular chaperone whose cellular functions are facilitated by its interaction with ubiquitin binding cofactors (e.g., Npl4-Ufd1 and Shp1).	1.5
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	p97:also known as cell division cycle 48 (Cdc48) and valosin-containing protein (VCP):is a chaperone-related, ring-shaped AAA ATPase that has a central role in many pathways of the ubiquitin-proteasome system; for instance, endoplasmic reticulum-associated protein degradation (ERAD), transcription factor processing and control of cell-cycle progression and developmentally regulated degradation of the myosin chaperone UNC-45.	1.5
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	We recently reported that UV induced, Cul3-dependent proteolysis of the large subunit of RNA polymerase II (Rpb1) depends on the Cdc48 cofactor Ubx5 . Ubx5, like UBXD7, contains UBA, UAS, UBX, and UIM domains (Supplementary Fig. 5a and b), which is consistent with the suggestion that it is the yeast equivalent of mammalian UBXD7 . Moreover, Ubx5 binds yeast Cul3 , which associates with ElonginC and therefore is functionally most closely related to human CUL2/CUL5 . To test directly whether Ubx5  ***shortened***	4
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	To date, only UBA domains of NUB1 (Nedd8 ultimate buster1), NUB1L (NUB1 long isoform) and UIM (ubiquitin-interacting motif) of UBXD7 are shown to bind to the hydrophobic patch around Ile44 amino acid of Nedd8.	1.5
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	Known p97-interacting proteins are grouped by their p97-interacting domains, which are highlighted by colored boxes: UBX, ubiquitin like/ubiquitin regulatory X; UBA, ubiquitin associated; SEP, Shp1, Eyc and p47; VIM, VCP interacting motif; PUB, Peptide:N-glycanase/UBA or UBX-containing proteins; UIM, ubiquitin interacting motif; PAW, domain present in PNGases and other worm proteins; PUL (PLAP, UFD3 and Lub1) domain; PFU, PLAA family ubiquitin binding; RING, really interesting new gene; CUE (Cou ***shortened***	2
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	SEP, Shp, eyes-closed, p47; SHP, binding segment 1 (BS1); SprT, SprT-like; UT3 and UT6, UFD1 domains; UBA, ubiquitin-associated; UBL, ubiquitin-like; UBX, ubiquitin regulatory X; UBXL, UBX-like; UBZ, ubiquitin-binding zinc finger; UIM, ubiquitin-interacting motif; ZF, zinc finger.	1
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	UBXD7 has now been shown, in parallel studies by the Alexandru and Deshaies groups, to bind directly to CRLs through a predicted ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) lying between its p97-interaction UBX domain and a UAS (ubiquitin-associating) domain of unknown function adjacent to its ubiquitin-binding UBA (ubiquitin-associated) domain (Figure 2).	5
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	MPN, (Mpr1, Pad1 N-terminal); NZF, NPL4 zinc finger; OTU, ovarian tumor; SEP, Shp, eyes-closed, p47; SHP, binding segment 1 (BS1); UAS, domain of unknown function found in FAF1 and other proteins; UBA, ubiquitin-associated; UBL, ubiquitin-like; UBX, ubiquitin regulatory X; UBXL, UBX-like; UIM, ubiquitin-interacting motif; ZF, zinc finger.	1
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	Human cells express seven different cullins, most of which if not all can be modified by an ubiquitin-like protein Nedd8 (or Rub1) on a conserved lysine residue near the C-terminus of the cullin subunit.	1.5
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	The cullins of all three complexes are modified by NEDD8 or RUB1 (blue).	1.5
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	UBXD7, and its yeast ortholog Ubx5, associate only with the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	5
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	Cullins are covalently modified with a ubiquitin-like protein, Nedd8/Rub1, in a conjugation reaction referred to as neddylation.	2
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	Cullins are covalently modified on a conserved lysine residue in the C-terminal region by the ubiquitin-like protein Rub1, the yeast ortholog of metazoan Nedd8.	1
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	We recently reported that UV induced, Cul3-dependent proteolysis of the large subunit of RNA polymerase II (Rpb1) depends on the Cdc48 cofactor Ubx5 . Ubx5, like UBXD7, contains UBA, UAS, UBX, and UIM domains (Supplementary Fig. 5a and b), which is consistent with the suggestion that it is the yeast equivalent of mammalian UBXD7 . Moreover, Ubx5 binds yeast Cul3 , which associates with ElonginC and therefore is functionally most closely related to human CUL2/CUL5 . To test directly whether Ubx5  ***shortened***	1.5
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	Previous work showed that UBXD7 is unique among p97 cofactors due to the presence of an UIM motif that allows it to interact directly with neddylated cullins.	4
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	Here we show that UBXN7 interaction with cullins is not mediated by its ubiquitylated substrates, but involves the direct docking of the UIM motif in UBXN7 onto the neddylated cullins.	4
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	In vitro, UBXN7 can interact with non-neddylated cullins suggesting that UIM-NEDD8 may not be the only link between UBXN7 and CRLs.	4
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	Thus, the UIM motif allows docking of UBXN7 on neddylated-cullins, the UBA domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, and the UBX domain recruits the p97 complex (Figure 7).	4
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	In principle, either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	5
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	UBXN7 docks on neddylated cullins using its UIM motif.	4.5
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	UBXD7 has now been shown, in parallel studies by the Alexandru and Deshaies groups, to bind directly to CRLs through a predicted ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) lying between its p97-interaction UBX domain and a UAS (ubiquitin-associating) domain of unknown function adjacent to its ubiquitin-binding UBA (ubiquitin-associated) domain (Figure 2).	4.5
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	Ubxn7 contains a ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) that binds neddylated Cullins and thereby mediates interactions between p97 and active Cullin RING ligases.	3.5
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	Jab1/CSN5 contains an Mpr1-Pad1-N-terminal (MPN) domain metalloenzyme motif (JAMM) that is essential for the CSN isopeptidase activity responsible for the deneddylation of the cullin-RING ubiquitin ligases (CRLs) by CSN.	1
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	Cullin-RING ligases (CRLs) constitute the largest subclass of RING domain containing E3 ubiquitin ligases in mammals, controlling the steady state levels of many protein substrates involved in various biological processes and diseases including cancer.	1.5
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	The JAB1/MPN/Mov34 metalloenzyme (JAMM) motif within the MPN domain of CSN5 is responsible for the enzymatic activity of the CSN, namely, deneddylation, the cleavage of Nedd8, a ubiquitin-like protein, from cullin-RING E3 ligases (CRLs).	1
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	Based on their function, cofactors can be divided into three major classes: (i) Substrate-recruiting cofactors like UBA-UBX proteins and UFD1-NPL4: these cofactors link substrates to p97 and contain, beside a p97 binding motif/domain, additional ubiquitin binding domains/motifs, which target ubiquitylated substrates; (ii) Substrate processing cofactors like ubiquitin (E3) ligases, deubiquitinases (DUBs) and peptide N-glycanase (PNGase,), which process ubiquitylated, and N-glycosylated substrates ***shortened***	1
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	Protein phosphorylation is a central signaling event in eukaryotes and is orchestrated by protein kinases that catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group of a nucleoside triposphate (usually adenosine triphosphate, ATP) to an amino acid hydroxyl group (commonly serine, threonine, or tyrosine) of a protein substrate.	5
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	When the catalytic domain of STKs is activated, these proteins catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to hydroxyl groups in specific substrates such as serine, threonine, or tyrosine residues of proteins.	5
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	Protein kinase can catalyze the transfer of a phosphoryl group from adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to a protein/peptide substrate at the serine, tyrosine, or threonine residues.	5
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	Protein kinases catalyze the transfer of a gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to a hydroxyl-group of a serine, threonine or tyrosine residue in the substrate protein.	5
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	Kinases catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group (PO32-) from an ATP molecule to tyrosine, serine, or threonine residues in the WRC complex.	5
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	Protein kinases catalyze the transfer of a phosphoryl group from adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to serine, threonine or tyrosine residues of its substrate proteins.	5
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	Banh and Hales report on the early and transient activation of p38 MAPK downstream of MEK3/6 following in utero exposure of murine embryos to hydroxyurea at gestational day 9.	3
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	The results demonstrate that overexpression of the alpha-4 DND enhances activation of p38 MAPK by inflammatory cytokines, presumably by competitively interfering with the dephosphorylation and inactivation of MEK3.	1.5
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	Homophilic interaction of Pcdh8 activates the kinase TAO2beta, which in turn phosphorylates and activates p38 MAPK via another kinase, MEK3; this leads to the internalization of the Pcdh8/N-cadherin cis-complex, which limits dendritic spine density in hippocampal neurons.	2
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	In the activation of p38 MAPK, TAK-1 activates MEK3/6 which, in turn, activates p38 MAPK.	1.5
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	TAOK1 is a MAP3K that activates p38 MAPK and MEK3/6.	4.5
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	Our results further suggest that p38 MAPK is the major player in HSP60-induced inflammation which acts following the activation of MEK3/6.	2
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	TAOK1, which is expressed in a wide variety of different tissues that include brain, heart, lung, testis, skeletal muscle, placenta, thymus, prostate, and spleen, encodes the TAO kinase 1 peptide (hTAOK1 also known as MARKK or PSK2) a microtubule affinity-regulating kinase that has been identified recently as an important regulator of mitotic progression, required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	4
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	A role for CHFR in regulating chromosome segregation and the mitotic spindle assembly checkpoint was further supported by the finding that the key mitotic spindle checkpoint proteins BUBR1 and MAD2 were not properly localized to the kinetochores during metaphase in MCF10A cells lacking CHFR expression by RNAi.	1.5
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	Furthermore, BubR1 plays an essential role in the formation of a larger mitotic checkpoint complex with Mad2, Bub3 and Cdc20, ultimately inhibiting the anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome (APC/C), an E3 ubiquitin ligase complex that facilitates mitotic exit.	1.5
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	On the one hand, BUB1 is required for chromosome congression, kinetochore localization of MAD2, BUBR1 and centromere-associated protein (CENP)-E and CENP-F in cells with an unsatisfied mitotic checkpoint, and for the establishment and/or maintenance of efficient bipolar attachment to spindle microtubules.	1.5
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	Thus, contrary to current models which view Mad2 at the center of the inhibition of the APC/C by the SAC, we hypothesize that Mad2 is only required for proper timing of mitotic progression during prometaphase, allowing cells to fully engage the SAC through kinetochore accumulation of other checkpoint proteins so that complete chromosome condensation and congression can be achieved before the controlled metaphase-to-anaphase transition takes place.	1.5
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	TAOK1 is a micro-tubule affinity-regulating kinase required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	4
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	These receptors bridge the cellular membrane and transduce extracellular signals into cellular secondary messenger MAPK signaling cascades.	3
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	Previous studies suggested that ROS generation induced by various stresses activates MAPK signaling cascades, and ROS-induced activation of MAPKs appears to be central for mediating cellular responses to multiple stresses.	3.5
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	Phosphorylation via mitogen-activated kinase (MAPK) cascades is a highly conserved eukaryotic signaling mechanism that is important to transduce extracellular stress signals into cellular biochemical responses (Pitzschke et al.,).	4.5
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	In yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) and animals, MAPK cascades are an important part of the signaling machinery that transduces extracellular signals into a wide range of intracellular responses.	4.5
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	MAPK cascades are important signaling modules that convert signals generated from the receptors/sensors to cellular responses.	5
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	Mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways are important signaling cascades that mediate several cellular functions by relaying extracellular signals to key intracellular molecules.	5
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	In proliferating cells, the binding of growth factors to their specific receptor tyrosine kinases activates the phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt signaling pathway that in part induces directly phosphorylating and inhibiting members of the Forkhead box, class O (FOXO) subfamily of forkhead transcription factors.	1
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	The recruitment and activation of numerous kinases (c-Src family and mitogen-activated protein kinases, tyrosine kinases, Akt, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase), phosphatases, and NFkappaB have been reported.	1.5
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	This includes the atypical kinase families actin-fragmin kinases, MHCK/EF2 kinases, phosphoinositide 3-kinases, choline kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferases, and the RIO1-like kinases.	2
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	a | The phosphoinositide 3-kinase (H3K)-like protein kinase family includes several cellular kinases with catalytic domains that are homologous to PI3K(these are known as PI3K domains) This protein family coordinates diverse cellular responses that are crucial for the response to ionizing radiation.	1.5
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	Three main superfamily clusters emerged, distinguished by the most abundant members: choline and aminoglycoside kinases (CAKs), a "particularly diverse" family harboring kinases that facilitate colonization by beneficial and pathogenic bacteria; ePKs, almost exclusively eukaryotic except for a similar bacterial kinase (pknB); and a cluster of kinases, including Rio and Bud32, that are conserved between archaea and eukaryotes.	2
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	The catalytic proteins can be further divided into several sub-groups depending on their substrate specificity, which include kinases (e.g., protein tyrosine kinases such as FAK and Src, protein serine/threonine kinases such as ILK and p21-activated kinase (PAK), and phosphoinositide 3-kinase), phosphatases (e.g., protein tyrosine phosphatase-PEST, protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B and PTEN), proteases (e.g., calpain), and other enzymes (e.g., phospholipase C-gamma).	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	Mammalian sterile 20-like kinase-2 (Mst2) is a mammalian Hpo orthologue, and numerous studies implicate Mst2 as a tumor suppressor.	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	mammalian sterile 20-like kinase 2	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	The sterile 20-like kinase, TAO1, phosphorylates and activates HPO (MST1/2 in mammals) although it is unclear whether TAO1 activity is regulated.	3
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	To demonstrate Rck/p54 recruitment and displacement from MTs was not an artifact of MT bundling, we examined Rck/p54 in U2OS cells transfected with prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 1alpha (PSK1alpha), a kinase which promotes similar MT bundling.	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	NF2, Neurofibromatosis 2; MST1, mammalian sterile-20 like kinase 1.	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	Prostate-derived STE20-like kinases (PSKs; also referred to as thousand and one amino acid kinases) have been classified as members of the germinal center kinase VIII subfamily of STE20 kinases and include PSK1-alpha and PSK1-beta (splice variants with identical N-terminal kinase domains; TAOK2 isoforms 2 and 1, respectively), PSK2 (TAOK1), and PSK3 (TAOK3).	4.5
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	Ischaemia may play a role in neuronal apoptosis and necrosis.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	There are three JNK isoforms, of which JNK1 and JNK2 are widely expressed, whereas JNK3 is highly expressed only in brain, heart, and testes, where it is known to play an important role in neuronal apoptosis caused by cerebral ischemia.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	Since PEG10 is highly expressed in brain PEG10 may also play a role in neuronal cell differentiation.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	As SMCT1 is expressed in neurons, it may play a role in neuronal uptake of this vitamin in the brain.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	CDH12 is expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal development.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	For example, PCSK9 is expressed in the vascular wall, in the kidneys, and in the brain, where it was proposed to play a role in development, neurocognitive process, and neuronal apoptosis.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	Moreover, LINC00657 has been recently shown to play a role in genomic stability.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	Nuclear PTEN might play a role in maintaining genomic stability.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	Thus, MGS1 is likely to play a role in maintaining genomic stability during replication.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	This indicates that Hmt1 may play a role in a different pathway that also promotes genomic stability.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	Internal priming events may play a role in genomic stability by repairing genomic lesions.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	Therefore, FEN1 play a vital role in maintaining genomic stability and protecting against carcinogenesis.	1
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	The Thousand And One kinase (TAO) kinase is a MAPK kinase kinase, the meiotic role of which is unknown.	5
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	Curcumin, I3C and DIM inhibit p38 MAPK and reduce the activity of several of the MAPK kinase kinase (MEKK) enzymes and JNK proteins.	1.5
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	In breast cell, studies from several laboratories strongly support that estrogen also triggers signaling cascades typically linked to membrane receptors that possess tyrosine kinase activity or couple to heterotrimeric G proteins, such as MAPK, PI3K and PKB/Akt.	1
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	To validate that the cytokines possess biological activity we characterized activation of the MAPK kinase JNK in preadipocytes.	1
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	KSR1 interacts with several proteins that possess kinase activity, including c-Raf-1, MEK1, MAPK, C-TAK1 and with protein phosphatase 2A (PP2A).	1
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	Additionally, the presence of mutated proteins, which are assumed not to possess histidine kinase activity and thus are not phosphorylated on either histidine in the HisKA domain or on aspartate in the REC domain, did not inhibit growth of the transformants and did not activate the Hog1p MAPK module.	1
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	Obg-like ATPase 1 or OLA-1 is a highly conserved ~45 kDa cytosolic ATPase and belongs to the TRAFAC class, Obg family, and YchF subfamily of P-loop NTPases.	1
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	Obg-like ATPase 1 (OLA1) belongs to the Obg family of P-loop NTPases, and may serve as a "molecular switch" regulating multiple cellular processes.	1.5
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	Based on the sequence characteristics of this ATPase domain, OppA belongs to the class of P-loop NTPases whose nucleotide binding fold is composed of a conserved Walker A motif (a so called P-loop) and a less conserved Walker B motif.	1.5
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	A different mechanism has been established for another single-ring ATPase, the F1 ATPase (the F1 ATPase belongs to the "additional strand catalytic E" (ASCE) superfamily of P-loop NTPases, which also includes the AAA ATPases).	1.5
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	This is because C-domains are not characterized as a separate fold in SCOP but are classified with other P-loop NTPases based on the preceding ATPase domain; they therefore cluster tightly with these.	1.5
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	The central ATPase domain (residues 143-387) of NtrC1 is composed of an alpha/beta subdomain that is typical of P-loop NTPases and an alpha-helical subdomain that is a distinctive feature of AAA+ ATPases.	1.5
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	The force-generating properties of striated muscle are the result of the cyclical interaction between myosin crossbridges and actin in thin filaments.	4
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	The force and motion generated by muscle are ultimately the result of the cyclical interaction of myosin and actin in a process coupled to the hydrolysis of ATP.	5
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	Interactions between the contractile proteins myosin and actin provide the driving force for muscle contraction.	4.5
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	The driving force for shortening is generated by the cyclic interaction of myosin heads with the actin filament.	5
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	The interaction between myosin and actin, regulated by MLC phosphorylation especially at Ser-19, is the driving force for smooth muscle cell contraction.	4
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	Interaction between myosin and actin results in force development and SL shortening.	4.5
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	According to the proposed MDSS approach, we created 14 categories of foods that comprised Mediterranean diet: fruit (including 2 questions; fresh and dried fruit), vegetables (5 questions; leafy, rooted, cruciferous, tomatoes, canned, and pickled vegetables), cereals (5 questions; white bread, wholegrain bread, rice, pasta, muesli), potatoes, olive oil, nuts, dairy products (5 questions; milk, yoghurt, sour cream, hard cheese, cottage cheese), legumes, eggs, fish (4 questions; blue fish, white f ***shortened***	1
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	Animal commodities include land animals (beef, chicken, eggs, game, pork, and turkey) and aquatic animals (crustaceans, fish, and mollusks).	1
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	This study comprehensively investigates OCP contamination in fish and mollusks in Liaoning province, China.	1
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	Indeed, whereas IBDV infects only chicken and turkey, IPNV-related viruses have been isolated from fish belonging to at least 30 different species, as well as mollusks and crustaceans.	1
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	The C-terminal sequences from a diverse array of striated muscle myosins selected from the public database (invertebrate striated, fish and rat skeletal, human and chicken cardiac) are aligned at the beginning of rod zone 40.	2.5
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	Minor detected organochlorine pesticide residues and their occurrence in fish and mollusks	1
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	This rate-limiting step in the ATPase cycle allows the following rapid sequence of events to occur: (Fig. 1 B) ATP binds to the empty site and causes the dissociation of the trailing head from actin, producing a transient one head-bound intermediate; (Fig. 1 C) the leading head executes a ~20-nm swing of its lever arm, which throws the trailing head in front; and (Fig. 1 D) the "new" leading head then executes a diffusional search and rebinds preferentially to the 13th actin subunit in front of  ***shortened***	4
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	Hydrolysis of ATP then causes the myosin head to pull the actin filament toward the center of the sarcomere.	3.5
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	Additionally, since actin subunit flattening is believed to facilitate ATP hydrolysis, we expect there to be conformation-dependent changes in these interactions.	2.5
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	Romero et al. proposed that ATP hydrolysis and release of the gamma-phosphate from the terminal barbed-end actin subunit are required for processive translocation toward the barbed end.	2
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	In this hypothesis, the myosin head stochastically moves along the actin filament with a regular step size of 5.5 nm, which corresponds to the diameter of actin subunit, in both directions toward the plus and minus ends of the actin filament during a single cycle of ATP hydrolysis.	3.5
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	All myosin motors can associate with filamentous actin (F-actin) tracks via a head region that can bind and hydrolyze ATP, and the motors undergo stepwise movement on their tracks by using the energy of ATP hydrolysis.	3.5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility and organelle transport.	5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Myosins constitute a superfamily of actin-dependent motors that play important roles in diverse processes such as vesicle transport, cytokinesis, cell motility, exocytosis, tension maintenance, and filopodia formation.	5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Myosins are eukaryotic actin-dependent molecular motors important for a broad range of functions like muscle contraction, vision, hearing, cell motility, and host cell invasion of apicomplexan parasites.	5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Myosins are eukaryotic, actin-dependent ATPase motors that play important roles in cytokinesis, actin filament bundle organization, vesicle/organelle transport, cell polarization, transcriptional regulation, intracellular transport, and signal transduction.	5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction.	5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Myosins are actin-based motors known or hypothesized to play fundamental roles in many forms of eukaryotic motility such as cell crawling, cytokinesis, phagocytosis, growth cone extension, maintenance of cell shape, and organelle/particle trafficking.	5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	Myosins belong to a large family of molecular motor proteins that harness the chemical energy released from ATP hydrolysis to generate unidirectional movement of cargo along actin filaments (F-actins) (Holmes; Sweeney and Houdusse; Geeves).	5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	They use the chemical energy of ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement along actin filaments.	4
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	The myosin superfamily is a group of actin-associated motor proteins that use ATP hydrolysis to generate force or directional movement along actin filaments.	5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	Myosin is a type of molecular motor protein that converts energy from ATP hydrolysis into mechanical movement along actin filaments.	5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	The action of the myoA motor is coupled to ATP hydrolysis; the force produced enables the myosin head domain to tread along short actin filaments toward the barbed (+) end.	5
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	All these myosin sequences, including the Dictyostelium myosins, together with their accession numbers and additional references will be accessible through the newly designed CyMoBase [, F. Odronitz and M. Kollmar, submitted].	3
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	Based on sequence homologies of the head region myosins have been assigned to 47 different classes which makes myosins one of the largest and most divergent protein families known (http://www.cymobase.org).	5
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	Class-26 myosins have recently been found in the dinophytes Vitrella brassicaformis and Chromera velia (data not shown but available at CyMoBase) demonstrating that improved species sampling in the future will lead to more ancient origins of many classes.	2.5
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	To test the ability of Scipio to correctly predict orthologous genes in closely related organisms we have annotated the myosins in the recently assembled primates Pongo pygmaeus abelii and Callithrix jacchus . As a query, we used the 40 manually annotated myosins from Homo sapiens , which can be obtained from CyMoBase.	3
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	The sequence alignments can be obtained from CyMoBase.	3.5
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	In addition, myosins were duplicated in late-diverging branches (e.g. duplication of the class-3 and class-7 myosins in the ancestor of arthropods and insects, respectively) and in (according to current sequence data) single species (e.g. duplication of muscle myosin heavy chain genes in the leech Helobdella robusta and the owl limpet Lottia gigantea; see the myosin inventory table at CyMoBase for more examples).	2
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	Although the original myosin 5 tracking performed with a fluorescently-labeled calmodulin bound to the lever arm at 1.5 nm precision revealed 74 nm steps, a later study with rigidly attached dye labels on the calmodulin bound to the lever arm suggested that they in fact represent 64-10 nm steps.	2.5
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	Then, the CB goes through the power stroke (Figure 2, step b), during which the myosin head can generate a force of several piconewtons or an axial displacement of the actin filament toward the center of the sarcomere of 5-10 nm in vitro (Molloy et al.,; Veigel et al.,; Mehta et al.,; Reconditi et al.,) or 8-13 nm in situ (Reconditi et al.,).	3.5
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	The potential force generated by this effect was estimated to be as great at 10-20 piconewtons (De los Rios et al.,), which compares favorably to the 5-10 piconewtons generated by ATP-hydrolyzing motor proteins like kinesin or myosin (Svoboda and Block,).	2.5
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	A single myosin II uses the free energy from ATP hydrolysis to slide an actin filament by 5-10 nm or to generate 5-10 pN force.	4.5
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	Unzipping occurs for applied forces of roughly 10 piconewtons (pN), a very reasonable scale of force given that the resulting work done per base pair unzipped is about 1.5 kcal/mol (note 1 kcal/mol = 6.6 10-21 J, and 1 pN 1 nm = 10-21 J), comparable to the base-pairing free energy.	1.5
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	Force generation occurs in the strong binding states, during which the myosin power stroke generates a displacement (step size = 5-10 nm in muscle myosins) of the actin filament (Spudich,).	4
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	This tension is generated when, following the 'power stroke' (probably Pi release), the leading head is prevented:owing to its connection with the tightly bound trailing head:from adopting a conformation in which its lever arm points in the direction of the plus-end of the actin filament.	3.5
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	That is, force is generated during the 'power stroke' and the rapid release of phosphate after attachment of the myosin head to the actin filament, while sliding velocity is primarily regulated by myosin detachment rate.	4
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	When the ATP hydrolyses and the stable ADP Pi state is formed, the myosin weakly binds the actin filament; such coupling causes the Pi release and the subsequent power stroke.	4.5
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	Slow, actin-stimulated release of phosphate from the S1-ADP-Pi complex establishes strong binding to the actin filament, followed by a rapid power stroke and ADP release.	4.5
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	The in-vitro motility assay, combined with X-ray crystallography and molecular biology techniques, shows that myosin in the rigor state (nucleotide-free) is usually locked tightly to the actin filament (interaction force Fmax=0.83 nN, Table 2; electrostatic attraction is dominant, Figure 5), while the affinity between the two proteins decreases when the ATP nucleotide is bound to the large cleft of the myosin head (Fmax=0.27 nN, Table 2; van der Waals contribution is dominant, Figure 5); after A ***shortened***	2
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	The working state starts with the power stroke upon Pi release and terminates as the motor detaches from the actin filament.	4.5
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	Binding of ATP leads to release of the myosin head from the actin filament, and after this the lever and the convertor domain changes to the up state from the down state.	5
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	4. The ADP also disassociates, ATP binds to the myosin head, and the head dissociates from the actin filament, thus allowing the cycle to repeat.	5
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	Myosin head is an ATPase, and its ATP binding and hydrolysis regulates the cyclic association and dissociation of myosin with actin filament.	4.5
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	ATP-binding to the myosin motor domain induces a conformational change in the actin-binding site that causes the myosin head to release from the actin filament, whereas the lever arm position remains mostly unchanged.	5
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	Finally, the binding of ATP to the myosin head allows it to break the cross-bridges with the actin filament.	5
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	Step 1: ATP binding to the strongly-bound myosin head dissociates it from the actin.	5
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	All class XI myosins except the variant 11A, the short variant 11D, and Liliopsida variant 11E myosins contain six IQ motifs, three highly conserved coiled-coil regions interrupted by short unique regions, the DIL domains and a class XI specific C-terminal tail motif (Figure 4).	1.5
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	Myosin-18a diverges significantly from most myosins but is somewhat related to class 2 myosins, possessing a motor domain, a single IQ motif, a coiled-coil region, and a COOH-terminal globular tail domain.	2
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	The inference that class XVIII may actually represent divergent class II myosins that have acquired an N-terminal PDZ domain is further supported by their similar neck and tail domain architectures (a single IQ motif followed by an extensive coiled-coil forming domain; Fig. 1) and is consistent with the organismal distribution of these myosins, which are both (also) found in metazoans.	1.5
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	In general, class XI myosins consist of an N-terminal SH3-like domain (Additional file 6), the motor domain, several IQ motifs for binding calmodulin, coiled-coil regions and a C-terminal tail containing a DIL domain (Figure 4,).	1.5
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	Seven sequences contain SH2 domains as have been found in the class-XXVIII myosins.	4
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	Class-XXIX myosins have very long tail domains consisting of three IQ motifs, short coiled-coil regions, up to 18 CBS domains, a PB1 domain, and a carboxy-terminal transmembrane domain.	2
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	The myosin motor domain, an N-terminal SH3-like domain, 1 to 7 IQ motifs, a coiled-coil region separated by unique parts and a C-terminal motif defined by two consecutive tryptophans (WW-motif) characterize myosins of class VIII.	2
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	Finally, the release of ADP completes the cycle.	4
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	ADP release completes the cycle and the motor returns to the rigor state, translated by one step.	4.5
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	Sequential release of inorganic phosphate (5) and ADP (6) completes the catalytic cycle.	4
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	The release of ADP from the AAA1 site resets the cycle.	3
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	Exchange of ADP for ATP and concomitant substrate release completes the chaperone cycle.	1.5
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	At the end of the cycle, TraI returns to the loose state following the release of ADP.	1.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	Active gels composed of 1 M actin filaments, 1 M fascin crosslinker and 0.1 M skeletal muscle myosin-II filaments in presence of ATP undergo drastic structural rearrangements.	1.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	Briefly, 0.2% nitrocellulose-coated coverslips were coated with Physarum myosin by standing on ice for 10 min in a buffer consisting of 60 mM KCl, 25 mM imidazole (pH 7.5), 4 mM MgCl2, and 1 mM DTT; actin filaments (3 nM) labeled with rhodamine-phalloidin (Molecular Probes, Eugene, USA) were introduced into flow cells that were constructed between a glass slide and a coverslip coated with Physarum myosin in motility buffer containing 10 mM KCl, 2 mM ATP, 1 mM MgCl2, 10 mM imidazole (pH 7.5), 25  ***shortened***	1
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	During steady-state ATP hydrolysis, myosin-I, like skeletal muscle myosin-II, is weakly bound to an actin filament ( Ostap and Pollard 1996); therefore, multiple myosin-I molecules must be clustered to support processive motility along actin filaments ( Albanesi et al. 1985; Adams and Pollard 1986; Zot et al. 1992; Ostap and Pollard 1996).	2.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	Actin-activated ATPase activity was measured as a function of actin concentration in 0.054 mg/ml (wild-type) or 0.24 mg/ml (mutants) HMM, 0.04 M KCl, 2 mM MgCl2, 20 mM Tris HCl (pH 7.5), 0.5 mM DTT, 1 mM ATP, 4 mug/ml chicken gizzard myosin light chain kinase, 1 mug/ml bovine testis calmodulin, and 0.05 mM CaCl2.	1.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	Sc-MyoII, Sc-MyoV, or skeletal muscle myosin-II were adhered to the surface of a nitrocellulose-coated coverslip for 10 min and the chamber was then washed as follows: (a) three times with motility buffer (25 mm imidazole pH 7.4, 50-150 mm KCl, 1 mm EGTA, 4 mm MgCl2, 2 mm DTT) plus 0.5 mg/ml BSA; (b) three times with motility buffer; (c) twice with motility buffer containing vortexed (1 min) unlabeled actin filaments (1 mum); (d) three times with motility buffer plus 1 mm ATP; (e) twice with mot ***shortened***	1.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	Force generation and movement in skeletal muscle result from a cyclical interaction of overlapping myosin and actin filaments that permits the free energy of ATP hydrolysis to be converted into mechanical work.	3
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	The second PHD finger of MLL1 has E3 ligase activity.	1.5
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	It was shown that the second PHD finger of Chd4 preferentially interacts with unmodified H3K4 and H3K9me3 tails.	1.5
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	Indeed, the second PHD finger of PCL2 is needed for PRC2 chromatin targeting.	1.5
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	Also, the second PHD finger motif from dMI-2 is rather similar to these plant PHD fingers.	1.5
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	Remarkably, a homology model of the second PHD finger of AIRE (AIRE-PHD2) displays a positive electrostatic surface (Fig. 1B) suggesting repulsive interaction with the positively charged histone tails.	1.5
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	The second PHD finger functions as an E3 ligase in conjugation with the E2 enzyme CDC34.	1.5
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	We showed that wild-type, but not Listeriolysin O-deficient (Deltahly) LM, significantly reduced mouse embryo survival, accompanied by the increase of IL-1beta release and caspase-1 activation.	1.5
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	Furthermore, mouse macrophages infected with L. monocytogenes deficient for the toxin listeriolysin O (LLO) did not secrete IL-1beta and IL-18 (Mariathasan et al.,; Ozoren et al.,; Hara et al.,).	1.5
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	NSD1 inhibits LLO-mediated caspase-1 activation and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion	5
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	Previous studies from our group demonstrated that the cholesterol-dependent cytolysin (CDC) listeriolysin O (LLO) expressed in E. coli induces secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-1beta, IL-6, and IL-12 from myeloid cells.	1.5
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	NSD1 Mitigates Caspase-1 Activation by Listeriolysin O in Macrophages	4
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	Flagellin-deficient mutants of Salmonella typhimurium and Legionella pneumophila are defective in IPAF-dependent inflammasome activation, and flagellin, purified from or expressed in bacteria, triggers IPAF-dependent caspase-1 activation when delivered to the cytosol of macrophages by use of a pore-forming toxin (listeriolysin O (LLO)) or transfection reagents.	1.5
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	In line with the multifaceted role of PHD fingers, PHDVC5HCHNSD1 seems to function as a hub for the interaction with other proteins/domains critical for transcriptional activity, such as the C2HR domain of the transcriptional repressor Nizp1 (NSD1 interacting Zinc-finger protein), one of the few documented NSD1 interactors.	3.5
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	NSD1 can also alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1) and may act as a methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 and H4 on K36 and K20.	5
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	A cDNA that scored positive in both yeast two-hybrid systems was designated NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 clone 1 (Nizp1.1).	1.5
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	The C5HCHNSD1 domain has been implicated to directly interact with the C2HR domain of Nizp1 (NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1).	3.5
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	We describe here a novel NSD1-interacting protein, Nizp1, that contains a SCAN box, a KRAB-A domain, and four consensus C2H2-type zinc fingers preceded by a unique finger derivative, referred to herein as the C2HR motif.	2.5
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	Using NSD1 as bait in a yeast two-hybrid screen, we identified a novel NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein, designated Nizp1.	3.5
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	PWWP: proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline domain; NLS: nuclear localization signal; PHD: plant homeodomain domain; AWS: associated with SET domains; SET: Su(var)3-9, Enhancer-of-zeste, Trithorax domain.	3
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	MLL3 is a large protein of 4911 amino acids containing several important functional domains: the plant homeodomain (PHD) and FY-rich N-terminal (FYRN) domains that mediate protein-protein interactions, and the suppressor of variegation/enhancer of zeste/trithorax (SET) domain which confers histone 3 lysine 4 monomethyl (H3K4me1) catalytic activity associated with active enhancers.	1.5
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	As NSD prototype, NSD1 is characterized by the presence of different chromatin related domains including two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline domains (PWWP), five plant homeodomains (PHD), a PHD finger-like Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH) (sometimes called PHDVI), acquired late in the evolution of the NSD family and a catalytic SET domain.	5
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	PHD, plant homeodomain fingers; PWWP, Pro-Trp-Trp-Pro domain; SET, suppressor of variegation3-9, Enhancer of Zeste and Trithorax domain.	2.5
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	The MLL3 (KMT2C) protein is 4,911 amino acids long, and it contains 8 plant homeodomain (PHD) and a suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste, trithorax (SET) domain which contains the catalytic center.	1.5
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	A striking feature of the three NSD proteins is that they are highly similar within a region of about 700 amino acids spanning a catalytic SET domain together with a pre and post-SET (Enhancer of zeste) domain, two PWWP (proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline) domains, five PHD (plant homeodomain) fingers, and a NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	4.5
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	EZH2 is the most studied catalytic subunit of PRC2 and contains the SET domain responsible for the histone methyltransferase activity on lysine-27 of histone H3.	3
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity and is conserved not only in plants but also in animals and fungi.	5
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	WHSC1 has been previously shown to have histone methyltransferase activity through its SET domain.	3
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	The SET domain is responsible for histone lysine methyltransferase activity at histone 3 K4 and K36, whereas the transposase domain possesses 5'-terminal inverted repeat (TIR)-specific DNA binding, DNA looping, and DNA cleavage activities.	4.5
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	Because it has a canonical SET domain, Metnase was tested for histone methyltransferase activity by using a SAM donor, as described.	2
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	Mutant G9a, however, lacking the SET domain responsible for the catalytic activity of histone methyltransferase, did not show such an effect.	3
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	The SET domain is essential for histone methyltransferase activity (Rea et al.).	5
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	It has been suggested as an oncogene in breast cancer and plays a role in acute myeloid leukemia as a fusion gene with NUP98.	1.5
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	Nsd1 plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma and glioblastoma formation.	5
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	It is also in many phase II trials including acute myeloid leukemia, B-cell lymphoma, glioblastoma, myelodysplastic syndromes, and breast cancer.	1
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	As2O3, a traditional Chinese medicine, plays an important role in the treatment and research for human cancers such as acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), myeloid leukemia, gastric cancer, breast cancer, neuroblastoma and esophageal carcinoma, as well as head and neck cancers, however, there are many limitations to its use due to its form.	1
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	Moreover, somatic activating mutations in SHP2 are associated with juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia, acute myeloid leukemia, myelodysplastic syndrome, acute lymphoid leukemia, and several types of solid tumors including lung adenocarcinoma, colon cancer, neuroblastoma, glioblastoma, melanoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, and prostate cancer.- Furthermore, SHP2 has also been implicated as a therapeutic target for triple-negative and HER2+ breast cancer.	1
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	We demonstrated the formation of telomere aggregates in cancer cells in primary head and neck cancer, primary mouse plasmacytoma, human neuroblastoma, colon carcinoma cell lines, human Burkitt lymphoma, glioblastoma, Hodgkin cells, and Reed-Sternberg cells (Knecht et al.), myelodysplastic syndromes and acute myeloid leukemia.	1
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	It was previously shown that NSD1 has an HMTase domain that specifically methylates histone H3 at lysine 36 (H3-K36) and histone H4 at lysine 20 (H4-K20).	4
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	It was recently reported that NSD1 has a catalytically active SET domain that specifically methylates recombinant histone H3 at lysine 36 (H3-K36) and histone H4 at lysine 20 (H4-K20).	4
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	The genes encoding Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome candidate 1 (WHSC1) also known as multiple myeloma SET domain (MMSET) or nuclear receptor-binding SET domain-containing protein 2 (NSD2) and Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome candidate 1-like 1 (WHSC1L1) also known as NSD3, the putative histone methyltransferase targeting both histone H3-K36 and H4-K20 are down-regulated in the cells treated with proteasome inhibitor and hormone.	1.5
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	The two families of protein lysine methyltransferases are characterized by the presence or absence of a SET domain: The SET domain-containing PKMTs include MLL, EZH2, NSD1 and SET7/9 (G9a) that methylate numerous substrates including histone H3 (K4, K9, K27 and K36) and H4 (K20), as well as a number of non-histone proteins, such as p53, TAF10, E2F, STAT3 and NFkappaB.	2.5
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	This domain specifically methylates lysine 36 at histone H3 (H3-K36), lysine 20 at histone H4 (H4-K20) and other non-histone substrates (4-7), resulting overall in the regulation of chromatin transcription.	2.5
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	The mammalian nuclear-receptor-binding SET-domain-containing protein (NSD1, a member of the SET2 family) has been found to play a crucial role in post-implantation development, methylating H3 K36 and H4 K20.	4
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	BRPF1 (bromodomain- and PHD finger-containing protein 1) is a unique chromatin regulator possessing two PHD fingers, one bromodomain and a PWWP domain for recognizing multiple histone modifications.	1.5
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	The function of the PWWP motif remains unclear although it may have a role in DNA binding, while the PHD domain is thought to be involved in mediating protein-protein interactions and is a motif commonly found in chromatin-associated proteins.	4.5
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	The PWWP domain is involved in recruiting DNMT3B to pericentromeric heterochromatin and non-specific DNA binding, while the PHD domain mediates protein-protein interactions and the ability of DNMT3B to repress transcription in a histone-deacetylase (HDAC)-dependent manner.	3
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	NSD1 also apparently contains five zinc finger-like plant homeodomain (PHD) domains and two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) motifs, both of which are involved in protein-protein interactions.	5
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	Bromodomain- and PHD finger-containing protein 1 (BRPF1) is a multivalent chromatin regulator composed of multiple histone-recognizing modules, including double PHD fingers, a bromodomain, and a PWWP domain.	1.5
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	The DNMT3 enzyme is defined by the presence of the PWWP motif known to be involved in protein-protein interactions with, ADDz domain, a PHD-like zinc-finger domain, and a DNA methylase domain.	2.5
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	hESCs, human embryonic stem cells; BIO, 6-bromoindirubin-3'-oxime; BMP4, bone morphogenetic protein 4; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; TGF-beta, transforming growth factor beta.	1
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	Furthermore, depletion of NSD1 reduced the expression of the bone morphogenetic protein gene 4 (BMP4).	3.5
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	Abbreviations: BMP4, bone morphogenetic protein 4; CFE, colony forming efficiency; EGF, epidermal growth factor; ICC, immunocytochemistry; IWP-2, Wnt antagonist II; qPCR, quantitative polymerase chain reaction.	1
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	In particular, we show that NSD1 binding is concentrated upstream of gene targets such as the bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4) and zinc finger protein 36 C3H type-like 1 (ZFP36L1/TPP).	3.5
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	Total RNA extraction, cDNA synthesis and real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR; 7300 AB Applied Biosystems, Foster City, USA) were performed to quantify expression levels of the following genes of interest: COLL II, COLL X, bone sialoprotein (BSP), osteocalcin (OC), collagen type I (COLL I), osteopontin (OP), osteonectin (ON), RUNX2, bone morphogenetic protein 2 (BMP2), bone morphogenic protein 4 (BMP4-Applied Biosystems Ref. number: Hs00181626-m1), Matrix Metalloprot ***shortened***	1
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	The levels of Hh ligand Sonic hh, Indian hh, protein patched homologue 1 (PTCH 1) and bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4) messenger RNA were quantified by real-time polymerase chain reaction.	1
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	The cytoplasmic regions of soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor (SNARE) proteins found on transport vesicles and target membranes interact and form a four-helix coiled coil, thereby linking the membrane structures and possibly providing a mechanism to overcome the energetic barrier to fusing two lipid bilayers.	3.5
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor (NSF) attachment protein receptor) proteins are a well conserved class of fusion proteins that are primarily involved in vesicle trafficking and fusion.- Complementary SNARE protein subunits are located on opposing membranes, and in the first step of the fusion process, they form a tetrameric coiled-coil, which brings the opposing membranes into close proximity.	3.5
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	For example, SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins, which form a stable four helical coiled-coil bundle, can induce the intracellular transport, since those coiled coils on cell membranes self-assemble into a mechanically rigid bundle and thus can bring different cell membranes closer and initiate their fusion.	3.5
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	Incs share little homology to each other or to other known proteins, with the exception of coiled-coil or soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor (SNARE)-like domains, which provides limited insight into their functions.	2.5
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	IncA is an inclusion membrane protein that encodes two coiled-coil domains that are homologous to eukaryotic SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment receptor) motifs.	2.5
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	IncA is so far the best characterized Inc protein and has been shown to mediate inclusion fusogenicity through interaction of its soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive-factor attachment receptor (SNARE) like cytoplasmic coiled-coil domains forming tetramer bundles.	2.5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	After a vesicle has been tethered to the target compartment, the vesicle-localized R-SNARE/VAMP interacts with a preformed target (t)-SNARE complex, consisting of Qa-, Qb,- and Qc-SNAREs (endosomal type) or Qa- and Qb,c-SNAREs (plasma membrane type) to form a trans-SNARE complex.	3.5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	The four classes of SNARE domains, Qa, Qb, Qc and R, form a stable alpha helical bundle (core complex) comprised of 3-4 SNAREs (some SNAREs contain both a Qb and a Qc domain) anchored in the vesicle and target membranes.	3.5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	One R-SNARE and one each of Qa-, Qb- and Qc-SNAREs form a SNARE complex, also called the SNAREpin, which brings two membranes into close proximity and initiate the fusion process.	2.5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	These functions are driven by a specific pairing of four coiled coil domains contributed by a VAMP (vesicle or R-SNARE), a syntaxin (target or Qa SNARE) and one or two proteins that contribute two coiled coils (Qb-Qc SNAREs).	2.5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	R-SNARE proteins reside on vesicular membranes and bind to Q-SNARES (Qa, Qb, and Qc) at the target compartment membrane.	5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	Usually, the general mechanism of membrane trafficking requires a complex set of regulatory machinery: (i) vacuolar sorting receptor (VSR) proteins, necessary for targeted delivery of transport vesicles towards the destination compartment; (ii) soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptors (SNAREs), on the surface of cargo vesicles (v-SNAREs, also called R-SNARE); (iii) SNARE proteins (t-SNAREs) on target membranes, responsible for interactions with v-SNAREs, membrane fu ***shortened***	3.5
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	Regardless of how or where transport vesicles are formed, vesicle trafficking between compartments is mediated by the actin and microtubule cytoskeleton, and vesicle fusion with the target plasma membrane is regulated by organelle-specific Rab GTPases, vesicle-tethering complexes and SNAREs.	1
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	The docking and fusion of transport vesicles with target membranes are mediated by the direct interaction of R-SNAREs with Q-SNAREs to form trans-SNARE complexes consisting of one R-SNARE protein and two to three Q-SNARE proteins.	3.5
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	Tethering complexes are thought to mediate the SNARE-dependent fusion of these vesicles to the target membrane at specific sites.	1.5
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	The fusion process includes the transport of vesicles along the cytoskeleton to the target organelle membrane, where Rabs and tethering factors mediate the initial interaction.	1
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	To seek further evidence for organelle-specific constraints on TMDs, we used the neural network to examine the proteins of SNARE family that mediate fusion between vesicles and organelles.	3
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	This fusion of vesicles within a target plasma membrane is regulated by organelle-specific Rab GTPases, vesicle-tethering complexes and SNAREs.	1
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	Based on the presence of a critical arginine or glutamine residue in the center of the SNARE domain, this family is divided into R- or Q-SNARE proteins, respectively, where the latter can be further subdivided into Qa-, Qb- or Qc-SNAREs (; reviewed in).	4.5
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	The center or "zero layer" of a cognate four-helix bundle consists of ionic residues such that three of the SNARE proteins contribute a glutamine residue, and are termed Q-SNAREs, whereas the fourth helix contains an arginine residue, and is termed an R-SNARE.	4.5
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	The SNARE family consists of four subgroups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc-, and R-SNAREs, which are classified according to the presence of a conserved glutamine (Q) or arginine (R) residue in a particular helical domain called the SNARE domain.	5
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	The central layer of the four-helical SNARE complex has three glutamine (Q) residues and one arginine (R) residue, thereby classifying SNAREs into Qa-, Qb-, Qc-, and R-SNARE subfamilies.	4.5
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	Generally, SNARE complexes are made up of 3 molecules with highly conserved glutamine (Q) residues in the SNARE motif, and 1 with a highly conserved arginine (R) residue in this domain; these are referred to as Qa-, Qb-, Qc-, and R-SNAREs.	4.5
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	SNAREs contain a helical region, the so called SNARE domain, which is used for protein classification: Qa-, Qb-, Qc-, and R-SNAREs; in which Q-SNAREs contain a glutamine (Q) residue and R-SNAREs an arginine (R) residue at a specific site - the zero layer - within the C-terminal synaptobrevin domain.	5
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	These include the vesicle-associated membrane protein (VAMP)8, syntaxin-7, syntaxin-8, and t-SNAREs homolog 1B (Vti1B) (Moreau et al.,).	1.5
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	Fusion between late endosomes and lysosomes, the last barrier for autophagic degradation, uses syntaxin-7 (Qa), Vti1b (Qb), and syntaxin-8 (Qc) on the late endosomes and vesicle-associated membrane protein 7 (VAMP7) (R) on the lysosomes.	5
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	In neurons, SNAREs driving secretion are represented by a vesicle-associated membrane protein (VAMP, known also as synaptobrevin, R-SNARE), plasma membrane anchored-attached syntaxin (Qa-SNARE), and SNAP (comprising two SNARE motifs, Qbc-SNARE) variants.	1.5
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	In SV fusion, VAMP1 (vesicle-associated membrane protein)/synaptobrevin (R-SNARE) on the vesicle, forms the core complex with SNAP25 (Qb, Qc-SNARE) and syntaxin 1 (Qa-SNARE) on the target membrane.	1.5
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	Heterotypic fusion between late endosomes and lysosomes requires a trans-SNARE complex, which consists of t-SNAREs [syntaxin 7, syntaxin 8 and Vti1b (vesicle transport through interaction with target SNAREs homologue 1b)] and v-SNAREs [VAMP7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7) or VAMP8].	4.5
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	The important Qb,c and Qa SNAREs on the plasma membrane unequivocally appear to be SNAP-23 and Syntaxin 4, while the most likely R-SNARE partners on the vesicle membranes appear to be both VAMP-7 and VAMP-8 (Fig. 1).	2.5
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	Lysosomal biogenesis involves maturation of early endosomes to form multivesicular bodies (i.e., late endosomes), followed by fusion to the lysosomes and subsequent lysosome reformation.	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	In mammals, the AP-3 complex is considered to mediate the sorting and transport of membrane proteins from the trans-Golgi network (TGN), early endosomes (EEs), and tubular sorting endosomes to late endosomes (LEs), multivesicular bodies (MVBs), lysosomes, and lysosome-related organelles.	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	The endolysosomal system is made up of several membrane-bound organelles, such as early endosomes, multivesicular bodies (MVBs), lysosomes, lysosome-related organelles (LROs) and other specialized organelles (Klumperman and Raposo,).	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	The CHMP2B protein is part of the endosomal sorting complex required for transport-III (ESCRT-III), which sorts ubiquitinated protein substrates from endosomes to the lysosomes by the formation of multivesicular bodies (MVBs) (reviewed in).	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	The E-3 ligase function of the Ring Finger of Cbl has been shown to be important for EGFR downregulation, but additional Cbl sequences are also involved in EGFR internalization, as well as EGFR transport from late endosomes to multivesicular bodies and lysosomes.	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	While there are multiple types of endocytic pathways, the endocytic progress of transport vesicles of the widely studied clathrin-dependent endocytosis of nanoparticles is from early endosomes to multivesicular bodies/late endosomes and finally to lysosomes.	1
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	Structural information from neuronal SNARE complexes shows that the SNARE motifs assemble into parallel, twisted, coiled-coil, four-helix bundles by burying the hydrophobic residues inside the core (Figure 1).	4.5
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	We speculate that, perhaps because SNARE motifs might have been selected by evolution to form four-helix bundles rather than two- or three-helix bundles, the ratio between hydrophobic and polar residues may be relatively low, and the hydrophobic interactions that can be established between the SNARE motif hydrophobic surface and the interior of the membrane may not be sufficient to overcome the energy required for insertion into the lipid bilayer.	3.5
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	SNARE complexes are composed of stable four-helix bundles of amphipathic helices known as SNARE motifs.	3
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	SNARE motifs spontaneously assemble into four helix bundles, with each helix belonging to a different subfamily.	3.5
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	The assembly of cognate v- and t-SNAREs induces the formation of trans-SNARE complexes or SNAREpins, in which four SNARE motifs assemble as a twisted parallel four-helix bundle that brings the opposing membranes together and eventually catalyses membrane fusion.	4.5
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	Although isolated SNARE motifs are unstructured, they spontaneously assemble into stable core complexes consisting of four helix bundles.	3
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	Growing evidence is showing that post-Golgi trafficking of storage proteins to the PSV also requires the retromer components (MAG1/VPS29, VPS35, and SNXs) involved in the recycling of VSRs, the Rab family of small GTPases as well as their common guanine exchange factor (GEF) for specifying vesicular trafficking, and the SNARE complex for mediating membrane fusion between post-Golgi compartments.	2
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	These two proteins form a SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) complex and mediate membrane fusion between the vesicle and the targeted organelle during membrane trafficking from the TGN to the PVC/vacuole.	3.5
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	Stx3 and Stxbp1 are components of the SNARE complex that mediates membrane fusion events, which is the final step of vesicle trafficking.	3
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	Therefore, the results of Reguera et al. (2015), Ashnest et al. (2015) and ours revealed three distinct mechanisms for the role of AtNHX5 and AtNHX6 in protein trafficking: regulating the SNARE complex that mediates the fusion between the PVC and the vacuole, regulating the binding of VSR with its cargoes at the TGN, and regulating the recycling of VSRs from the TGN back to the ER.	2
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	The three SNARE proteins form a four-helical bundle, the SNARE complex, which mediates membrane fusion.	3.5
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	One such set of mislocalized IS proteins was the SNARE complex, which mediates membrane fusion events.	3
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	The proposed underlying molecular mechanisms are as follows: speract binds to its receptor on the sperm flagellum; this interaction physically activates a membrane guanylyl cyclase, producing a rapid and transient cGMP increment; this in turn induces a K+ efflux by direct activation of potassium-selective and cyclic nucleotide-gated channels (KCNG), making the sperm membrane potential more negative; this hyperpolarization activates a potassium-dependent sodium/calcium exchanger (NCKX), as well a ***shortened***	2
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	The AC mediated increase in cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide gated ion channels in the cilia membrane resulting in an influx of sodium and calcium and efflux of chloride, depolarizing the neuron.	3
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated (CNG) channels that allow sodium and calcium to enter the neuron.	4
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	cAMP induces the opening of a cyclic nucleotide-gated channel, producing an influx of sodium and calcium ions and depolarization of the receptor neuron (Fig. 5).1 Subsequent activation of calcium-activated chloride channels further amplifies this initial depolarization and efflux of Cl- from the cell.	4.5
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	This results in cyclic AMP-mediated opening of cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels as well as calcium and sodium ion influx, depolarizing the olfactory receptor neuron and beginning an action potential that carries the information to the brain.	4.5
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	cAMP can directly bind to cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels (CNG channels) and induce the influx of calcium ions into the cells.	4
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	It is also probable that tick olfactory receptors represent a completely novel type of 7-transmembrane receptor family proteins that have yet to be identified.	2
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	ORs make up the largest family of the seven-transmembrane, G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) superfamily, encompassing approximately 400 and 1200 OR proteins in human and mouse, respectively . Odor recognition in mammals is integrative, depending on a constellation of receptor-ligand interactions that activate a repertoire of ORs expressed by defined subsets of OSNs . The activated ORs lead to increased intracellular cAMP levels via the sequential activation of olfactory G protein (Golf) and typ ***shortened***	2
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	To curate genes related to detoxification and chemoreception, we obtained seed alignments from Pfam and ran hmmbuild to build HMM profiles of cytochrome P450 (P450), amino- and carboxy-termini of glutathione-S-transferase (GST), carboxylesterase (COE), ATP-binding cassette transporter (ABCs), olfactory receptor (OR), gustatory receptor (GR), ionotropic receptor (IR), and odorant binding (OBP) proteins, (Supplementary file 6, 7 and 8).	1
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	In insects odorants are detected by olfactory receptors (ORs) which form a large receptor family of seven transmembrane domain (7 TM) proteins.	2
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	The tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNF-R)-associated factor (TRAF) family of intracellular proteins includes seven known members (TRAF1-7) in mammals, and these proteins have been characterized as signaling adapters that bind directly to TNF-R superfamily receptors.	1
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	In contrast to the T2R taste receptor family, the human olfactory receptor repertoire is much larger and includes several hundred genes, which, like the T2Rs, are not spliced.	1.5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	ORs are G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and represent the largest family of GPCRs with more than 1,000 distinct receptors in mice and rats and ~400 in humans.	5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	The main olfactory epithelium expresses the massive gene family of olfactory receptors (ORs):G protein-coupled receptors that include more than 1,000 genes in the mouse genome (Buck & Axel, 1991).	4.5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	The cloning of Odorant Receptor (OR) -encoding genes in rodents led to the identification, in the early 1990s, of the largest family of G-Protein Coupled Receptors (GPCRs) in mammals, with more than 1,000 functional genes in the mouse genome, distributed into 2 broad classes, "fish-like" Class I genes, and Class II genes.	4.5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	At the protein level, ORs account for more than 4% of our proteome and constitute the largest subfamily of class A (or Rhodopsin like) G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs).	4
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	They belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors (Niimura and Nei,).	3.5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	Dopamine receptors expressed in mammals belong to the alpha-group of the rhodopsin family of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs; class A, family A, or family 1).	2
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	Of the 661 characterized OR sequences, representing half of the canine repertoire, 18% are predicted to be pseudogenes, compared with 63% in human and 20% in mouse.	4
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	Whereas 60% of human OR genes are pseudogenes, only 20% of the approximately 1,300 mouse and dog OR genes are pseudogenes.	5
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	More than 60% of the human olfactory receptor genes are pseudogenes, whereas, only 20% are classified as such in mouse.	5
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	In mouse, 20% of ORs are pseudogenes, whereas this fraction is much higher (~60%-70%) in humans.	5
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	In mouse, ~20% of ORs are pseudogenes, whereas this fraction is much higher (~60-70%) in human.	5
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	Compared to ORs, where pseudogenes consist of ~18% in mouse and ~13% in rat, V1Rs and V2R TMs have a much higher percentage of pseudogenes.	2.5
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	The algorithm encompasses three consecutive modules: (i) construction of a conservation matrix for constrained OR positions in mouse and dog intact OR learning set, based on the SIFT algorithm; (ii) modifying the conservation matrix by ascribing enhanced weights to position that better distinguish human OR pseudogenes from intact ORs in the other mammals; and (iii) in a test set of intact human genes, computing the cumulative deviation from the weighted conservation matrix, thus assessing the pr ***shortened***	2
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	It is evident that individual odorant can be recognized by multiple ORs and conversely, one type of OR can recognize multiple odorants with distinct binding affinities and specificities.	4.5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	Odorant discrimination is mediated by ORs using combinatorial coding: a single OR can be activated by multiple odorants and most odorants activate more than one OR.	5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	One OR can recognize multiple odorants and one odorant is recognized by multiple ORs.	5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	Each OR can be activated by a subset of odorants, and each odorant appears to be detected by several ORs.	5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	Today, it is apparent that the relationship between odorants and ORs is complex (multiple ORs bind can recognize one odorant molecule, and multiple molecules can be recognized by one OR).	5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	When we examined the response profiles of bed bug ORs to different odorants, it is evident that odorant identity has a considerable impact on the responses of individual OR, especially among some structurally similar odorants.	3
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Nevertheless, we observe noticeable evolutionary dynamics for this unusual olfactory receptor family in teleost fish.	2
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Although ALDH2 officially qualifies as a seventh member of the ALDH1 family, its longstanding name of "ALDH2" associated with ethanol emtabolism has been grandfathered into the more recent nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence.	1
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Expression and evolutionary divergence of the non-conventional olfactory receptor in four species of fig wasp associated with one species of fig	2.5
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	To provide further coverage and discussion of the evolutionary dynamics of multigene families, we commissioned Yoshihito Niimura to review the evolutionary genomics of the olfactory receptor multigene family on a genome-wide scale.	2
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	The nomenclature system (based on evolutionary divergence of genes into families and subfamilies of the OR gene superfamily) has been designed similarly to that originally used for the CYP gene superfamily.	3
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Furthermore, the manner in which energetics are partitioned mirrors the evolutionary divergence of the receptor family.	2
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Although ALDH2 officially qualifies as a member of the ALDH1 family, its longstanding name of "ALDH2" (associated with ethanol metabolism) has been grandfathered into the ALDH nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence.	1
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	The enzymes are named CYP for cytochrome P450, followed by an Arabic number denoting the family (more than 40% identity on the amino acid sequence level), a letter designating the subfamily (more than 55% identity), and finally an Arabic numeral representing the individual gene in the subfamily.	1
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	Functional cattle OR genes were named "bORmXn" whereas pseudogenes were named "bORmXnP", where "b" stands for B. taurus, "OR" is the root name indicating an olfactory receptor, "m" is an integer representing the family that the gene belongs to, "X" is a single letter denoting the subfamily of the gene, and "n" is an integer representing an individual family member.	2
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	For the nomenclature system, UGT genes are named using the UGT Nomenclature Committee conventions: the root symbol UGT, an Arabic number representing the family, a letter to denote the subfamily, and an Arabic number for the individual gene.	1
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	CYPs are named with the root CYP followed by a number designating the family, a letter denoting the subfamily, and another number designating the CYP form.	1
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	Each gene was assigned the root symbol 'ALDH' followed by the family designation number (1, 2, 3, etc.), the subfamily identifier (A, B, C, D, etc.), and the individual gene number.	1
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	Using this nomenclature, the cytochrome P450 enzymes are designated by the letters CYP (representing cytochrome P450), followed by an Arabic numeral denoting the family, a letter representing the subfamily (when 2 or more exist) and another Arabic numeral designating the individual gene within the subfamily (e.g., CYP2D6) (see).	1
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	The chemoreceptors for odors are specific ligand-gated G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) on olfactory neurons that stimulate adenylate cyclase to synthesize cAMP via a G protein called Golf.	3.5
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	Olfactory signal transduction begins with the binding of odorant to the receptor, which triggers the activity of a G-protein, and then stimulates the adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	4.5
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	alpha-MSH binds to melanocortin receptor (MC1R), resulting in the activation of stimulatory GTP-binding protein (Gs), which in turn, stimulates adenylate cyclase to generate cAMP.	1.5
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	A. ACTH binds to its 7-transmembrane G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR), which activates Gsalpha protein and stimulates adenylate cyclase to generate cAMP (from ATP).	2
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	P2Y receptors and A receptors may be coupled to the Gq protein, which activates phospholipase C-beta (PLC-beta), to the stimulatory G (Gs) protein, which stimulates adenylate cyclase inducing an increase in cyclic AMP (cAMP) levels, or to the G inhibitory (Gi) protein, which inhibits adenylate cyclase.	1.5
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	beta2-receptors are G protein-coupled receptors and their activation stimulates Gs-proteins leading to increased adenylate cyclase activity and elevation of cAMP levels in cells.	2.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Olfaction and gustation play a critical role during insect niche formation, and these senses are largely mediated by two important receptor families: olfactory and gustatory receptors (Ors and Grs).	4
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Olfaction, the sense of smell, is mediated by a very large family of olfactory receptors (ORs), whose chemical interaction with a multitude of odorant ligands initiates a cascade of signal transduction events leading to smell perception.	3.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Olfactory receptors (ORs) on olfactory sensory neurons (OSNs) play a central role in binding odorants and subsequently transducing biosignals.	4.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Chemosensory receptors including olfactory receptors (ORs), gustatory receptors (GRs) and ionotropic receptors (IRs) play a central role in sensing chemical signals and guiding insect behaviours, and are potential target genes in insect pest control.	3.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Odorant receptors (ORs) play a central role in the olfactory system of insects by finely discriminating between chemical stimuli, while soluble proteins, also present in chemosensory organs, contribute to increase the sensitivity.	4
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Olfaction is primarily mediated by highly specific olfactory receptors (ORs), a subfamily of which are the pheromone receptors that play a key role in sexual communication and can contribute to reproductive isolation.	4.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a crucial role in the perception of olfaction.	4.5
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	(C) Upon odorant receptor binding to the olfactory G-protein coupled receptor (receptor) the G-protein (Golf) is activated producing cAMP.	3.5
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	The binding of odorants to the olfactory receptors induces a conformational change of the olfactory receptor proteins, resulting in a signal transduction through the cAMP pathway or the IP3 pathway that is followed by the activation of olfactory neurons by the transportation of ions.	4
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	The accepted paradigm is that once a receptor has bound an odorant target it undergoes a conformational change that facilitates the binding and eventual activation of its cognate G-protein.	3.5
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	Specifically, the binding of an odorant to its G-protein-coupled odorant receptor can lead to sequential activation of the odorant receptor, the olfactory G-protein Golf and the G-protein effector adenylyl cyclase 3 (AC3).	4
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	Odorant binding and recognition leads to activation and release of the olfactory G-protein Golf, which triggers cyclic-AMP production, ion-channel-mediated Ca2+ influx, and finally the firing of an action potential into the olfactory bulb to be interpreted by the brain.	4.5
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	In the same protein, binding of the pheromone induces a conformational change that triggers specific interaction with the corresponding odorant receptor.	3
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	The type-1 rhodopsins are widely distributed in a variety of organisms including halophilic archaea, proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi and algae.	3.5
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	Type I rhodopsins are found throughout prokaryotes (including Actinobacteria, Bacteroidetes, Chloroflexi, Cyanobacteria, Deinococcus-Thermus, Firmicutes, Planctomycetes, Proteobacteria, and archaeal Halobacteria) and in a few single-celled eukaryotes (Alveolata, Fungi, and various algae including Chlorophyta, Cryptophyta, Glaucophyta, Haptophyceae, and Streptophyta).	4
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	In recent years, evidence has emerged that the occurrence of type I rhodopsins has spread beyond the borders of the Archaea domain Type I archaeal rhodopsins are found in phylogenetically diverse microorganisms, including halo-archaea, proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi and algae.	4
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	Over the past 4 years, microbial genomics has revealed a large family of photoactive, seven-transmembrane-helix retinylidene proteins called microbial rhodopsins in phylogenetically diverse species, including haloarchaea, proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and algae.	3
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	In alpha- and gamma-proteobacteria, in some beta- and delta-proteobacteria, in Archaea and in the mitochondria of plants and algae, Cyt c maturation is carried out by a set of eight or nine proteins belonging to System I (Figure 2); in gram-positive bacteria, in cyanobacteria, in the chloroplasts of plants and algae, in epsilon-, beta- and some delta-proteobacteria the Cyt c maturation process is carried out by three or four proteins belonging to System II (Figure 3), while System III occurs in  ***shortened***	1
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	Phyla are consistently color-coded according to the color scheme in the FigTree software throughout this paper (the original RGB intensities are shown in each parenthesis although the actual figures are printed in the CMYK mode): Green (or Spring) (0, 255, 0), land plants; Sea Foam (0, 255, 128), green algae; Salmon (255, 102, 102), red algae; Cantaloupe (255, 204, 102), diatoms; Red (or Maraschino) (255, 0, 0), alpha-proteobacteria; Tangerine (255, 128, 0), beta-proteobacteria; Grape (128, 0, 2 ***shortened***	1
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	The retinal chromophore is attached to the protein covalently by means of a protonated Schiff base to the epsilon-amino group of a Lys residue, Lys216, in the seventh transmembrane alpha-helix.	4
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	The polyene chromophore retinal is covalently attached to the epsilon-amino group of a conserved lysine residue on the seventh alpha-helix through a protonated Schiff base (PSB) linkage.	3
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	The ligand and chromophore, 11-cis retinal (in land-based vertebrates) or 11-cis-3,4-dehydroretinal (in many aquatic vertebrates), is covalently bound to opsin via a protonated Schiff base bond to the e-amino group of a conserved lysine in the seventh transmembrane segment of opsin.	3
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	Microbial rhodopsins are widespread photoactive proteins that function as light-driven ion transporters and light sensors for phototaxis and other photosensory behavior in prokaryotic and eukaryotic microorganisms.- They contain seven transmembrane helices that form a pocket for the chromophore retinal, which is covalently attached in a protonated Schiff base (PSB) linkage to a lysyl residue on the seventh helix.	5
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	A member of the 7 transmembrane (TM) domain family of proteins, rhodopsins have vitamin-A aldehyde retinal as their chromophore, in which a specific lysine residue located in the middle of the TM region binds to a retinal molecule resulting in formation of the protonated Schiff base linkage.	4
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	In all microbial rhodopsins, retinal is attached by a protonated Schiff-base linkage to a lysyl amino group in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix.	4.5
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	The GluR1-GluR4 subunits have a large N-terminal extracellular domain, three transmembrane domains, a reentrant membrane loop that forms the central ion channel, and an intracellular C-terminal domain.	1
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	SR-BI is a member of the CD36 superfamily of proteins that share a common topology: a large, glycosylated exoplasmic loop connected to the plasma membrane by N- and C-terminal transmembrane domains, each with short cytoplasmic extensions.	1
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	Three transmembrane domains and a non-penetrant membrane domain form the ion channel; the ~80 kDa intracellular C-terminal domain of NR2B interacts with multiple cytosolic proteins including CaMKII and alpha-actinin and terminates with a PDZ-binding motif known to interact with PSD-95.	1
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	AQPs are embedded within the plasma membrane as tetramers, with each channel being composed of six transmembrane alpha-helix proteins joined with two half-helices at the N- and C-terminal ends of the protein.	1
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	ChRs are composed of seven trans-membrane helices that form the ion channel and a long C-terminal extension of unknown function, which is routinely omitted for optogenetic purposes.	4.5
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	These extensions, unusual for a rhodopsin, appear to be important for targeting the channel to the algal eyespot overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	4
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	Animal and microbial rhodopsins possess 11-cis and all-trans retinal, respectively, to capture light in seven transmembrane alpha-helices, and photoisomerizations into all-trans and 13-cis forms, respectively, initiate each function.	4.5
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	Absorption of a photon of light by rhodopsin causes photoisomerization of 11-cis-retinal to all-trans-retinal.	4
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	In vertebrates, phototransduction starts with the absorption of light, which causes photoisomerization of 11-cis-retinal to all-trans-retinal and initiates a phototransduction signaling cascade.	3
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	Microbial rhodopsins contain all-trans retinal as the chromophore, and the initiation of protein structural changes, which are caused by the photoisomerization from the alltrans to the 13-cis form, lead to various functions such as light-driven pumps, light-gated channels, photosensors and light-activated enzymes.	4
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	It is worth emphasizing here that, unlike animal visual pigments that rapidly lose their chromophore after its photoisomerization from 11- to all- retinal, for microbial-type rhodopsins, photoisomerization from all-trans to 13-cis retinal is reversible and both isomers remain attached to the protein.	4.5
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	The protein environment is typically optimized for light-induced retinal isomerization from all-trans 13-cis in microbial rhodopsins and for 11-cis all-trans in animal rhodopsins.	4.5
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	Meta II interacts with and activates the heterotrimeric G-protein transducin (Gt) by catalyzing the GDP/GTP exchange on Gt alpha-subunit (Gtalpha).	2.5
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	R* binds and activates the heterotrimeric G protein, transducin (Gt) by catalyzing GDP-GTP exchange on the alpha subunit at a rate of several hundred persecond.	3
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	The four encoded proteins are all crucial components of the phototransduction cascade in cone photoreceptors: light-excited cone visual-pigment molecules induce the exchange of guanosine diphosphate (GDP) to guanosine triphosphate (GTP) at the guanosine binding site of the transducin alpha subunit (GNAT2 = Galpha) and its subsequent release from the inhibitory betagamma subunits, thus constituting the activated form of the G protein (GalphaGTP).	3
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	Activation of the visual receptor, opsin, by light causes it to catalyze the exchange of GDP for GTP on the alpha-subunit of the heterotrimeric G-protein, transducin (Talpha).1 Upon dissociation of Talpha-GTP from Tbetagamma, the effector enzyme, photoreceptor phosphodiesterase (PDE6) is activated by displacement of its inhibitory gamma-subunit (Pgamma) by Talpha-GTP.	2.5
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	Meta II then catalyzes the exchange of GTP for GDP on the alpha-subunit of the G-protein transducin and initiates a cascade of reactions, which results in enzymatic destruction of cGMP, a closure of cation channels in the plasma membrane, and a decrease of transmitter release by photoreceptor synaptic processes onto secondary retinal neurons (for review see).	3
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	R* can catalyze the exchange of GTP for GDP on the alpha subunit of the photoreceptor-specific G protein called transducin (Talpha).	2.5
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	GPCRs are membrane proteins that share a 3-dimensional structure consisting of a bundle of seven transmembrane (TM) alpha helices, connected by alternating intracellular and extracellular loops, with the N-terminus in the extracellular domain and C-terminus in the intracellular domain.	2.5
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	While sharing practically no sequence similarity, microbial and animal rhodopsins, also termed type-I and type-II rhodopsins, respectively, share a common architecture of seven transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) with the N- and C-terminus facing out- and inside of the cell, respectively (Figure 1).	5
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	Microbial and animal rhodopsins share a common architecture of seven transmembrane alpha-helices with the N- and C-termini located extracellularly and intracellularly, respectively, but have almost no sequence homology and differ largely in their functions.	5
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	This N-terminal extracellular domain is connected to a core domain of the receptor consisting of seven transmembrane alpha-helices interconnected by three extracellular loops (ECL 1-3) and three intracellular loops (ICL 1-3).	2.5
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	G protein-coupled receptors vary considerably in molecular size yet share a common molecular topology consisting of a single polypeptide chain that traverses the lipid bilayer seven times, forming characteristic transmembrane (TM) hydrophobic alpha-helices connected by alternating extracellular and intracellular loops, with an extracellular amino-terminus and an intracellular carboxyl-terminal sequence.	3
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	Despite exhibiting striking diversity in primary sequence and biological function, GPCRs share the same fundamental architecture, consisting of a hydrophobic core of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices joined by extracellular and intracellular loops that interact to form a three-dimensional barrel within the cell membrane.	3
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Channelrhodopsins are light-gated ion channels found in green algae, and function as sensory rhodopsins homologous to phototaxis receptors and light-driven ion transporters in prokaryotes.	5
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Channelrhodopsins (CHR1 and CHR2) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.	4
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Channelrhodopsins serve as photoreceptors that control the motility behavior of green flagellate algae and act as light-gated ion channels when heterologously expressed in animal cells.	4.5
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Channelrhodopsins are light-gated ion channels from green algae.	4
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) from green flagellate algae function as light-gated ion channels when expressed heterologously in mammalian cells.	4
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Channelrhodopsins are light-gated ion channels of green algae.	4
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Arrows indicate the direction of transport or flow of signal: (A) light-driven inward chloride pump (halorhodopsin (HR), PDB ID: 1E12), (B) light-driven outward proton pump (bacteriorhodopsin (BR), PDB ID: 1C3W), (C) light-gated cation channel (channelrhodopsin (ChR), PDB ID: 3UG9), (D) light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein (sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), PDB ID: 1JGJ), (E) light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein (Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), PDB ID: 1XIO).	2
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), a retinal-binding membrane protein in the cyanobacterium Anabaena sp. PCC7120 , is a member of the microbial rhodopsin family , the first-discovered member of which is the light-driven proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR).	3.5
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Microbial type-1 rhodopsins were initially discovered in extremely halophilic archaea: a light-driven outward H+-pumping rhodopsin (bacteriorhodopsin [BR]), inward Cl--pumping rhodopsin (halorhodopsin [HR]), and light-sensing rhodopsins (sensory rhodopsin I and II [SRI and SRII]).	3.5
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	For about 25 years since the early 1970s, microbial rhodopsins were epitomized by haloarchaeal proteins, the first-discovered and best-studied light-driven proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR) and its close relatives halorhodopsin and sensory rhodopsin I and II (HR, SRI and SRII).	3.5
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Bacteriorhodopsin (BR) and halorhodopsin (HR) function as a light-driven outward proton pump and inward chloride pump, respectively, (Oesterhelt and Stoeckenius 1971; Schobert and Lanyi 1982) and the other two halobacterial sensory rhodopsin I and II (SRI and SRII) function as light-activated signal transducers (Bogomolni and Spudich 1982; Spudich and Spudich 1982).	3
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Microbial type rhodopsins are sub-grouped as light sensitive proton pumps, such as bacteriorhodopsin (BR), chloride pump as halorhodopsin (HR) light sensitive signal transducers as the sensory rhodopsins SRI, SRII and ASR, and light-gated ion channel, the Channelrhodopsins (ChRs).	4.5
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	The enzyme responsible for the biodegradation of TCE is methane monooxygenase (MMO), which catalyzes the oxidation of methane to methanol.	4
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	X-ray crystallographic analysis has also revealed that particulate methane monooxygenase (p-MMO), an enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of methane to methanol in bacterial methanotrophs, possesses both mono and binuclear copper centers; while a CuIn-dioxygen derived entity is likely responsible for aliphatic C-H bond oxidation chemistry, there is as yet little insight concerning the active site identity or chemistry.	3
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	The soluble form of methane monooxygenase (sMMO) found in many methanotrophs catalyzes the oxidation of methane to methanol as part of the metabolic pathway that allows these microorganisms to use methane as the sole carbon and energy source.	4
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	Methane monooxygenase (MMO) catalyzes the energy dependent oxidation of methane to methanol in methanotrophic bacteria.	4
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	Methane monooxygenase (MMO), found in aerobic methanotrophic bacteria, catalyzes the O2-dependent conversion of methane to methanol.	4
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	All described methanotrophic species belonging to the genus Methylocella (family Beijerinckiaceae) possess a soluble methane monooxygenase (sMMO) that catalyzes the oxidation of methane to methanol, a key methane-oxidizing enzyme that is present in only a subset of methanotrophs.	3.5
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	Numerous diverse oxygenase enzymes can perform such reactions using dioxygen as the oxidant.	4.5
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	Dioxygen activation by mononuclear iron oxygenases in general requires two electrons and protons to facilitate the reductive cleavage of the O-O bond and formation of a high-valent iron oxidant.	2
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	In eukaryotic ferritins the enzyme site substrates, 2 ferrous ions and dioxygen, react to form blue color transient diferric peroxo (DFP) species that decay to diferric oxo bridged complexes, an analogy to DFP formation in di-iron oxygenases; ferritin in bacteria have divergent amino acid sequences and reaction pathways from eukaryotic ferritins, while Dps proteins (bacterial mini-ferritins), not only diverge from ferritins in sequence but also in oxidant and enzymatic pathway.	1
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	Konig, Wolf, and co-workers recently reported an elegant photoredox approach for oxidative chlorination using dioxygen as the oxidant.	1
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	Diiron oxygenases like MMO that form hydroxylated products are often able to both react with hydrocarbons to form alcohol adducts and also oxidize the alcohol products to aldehydes.	2
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	Heme oxygenases use dioxygen as a substrate, whereas peroxidases and catalases use hydrogen peroxide.	1
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	It is composed of a 251-kDa dinuclear iron-containing dimeric hydroxylase (MMOH), a 39-kDa NADH-dependent [2Fe-2S]- and FAD-containing reductase (MMOR), and a 16-kDa regulatory protein (MMOB).	4
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	BMMs usually consist of a 200- to 250-kDa dimeric hydroxylase component organized in a (alphabetagamma)2 quaternary arrangement, a 10- to 16-kDa regulatory protein that enhances the catalytic turnover, and a FAD- and (2Fe-2S)-containing reductase that mediates the electron transfer from NADH to the active site of the hydroxylase.	2.5
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	sMMO is an enzyme system comprised of three protein components: i) a hydroxylase (MMOH) containing a diiron metal cluster in the active site, ii) a [2Fe-2S] cluster and FAD containing reductase (MMOR) that mediates electron transfer between NADH and the diiron cluster, and iii) a regulatory protein MMOB that is devoid of any cofactors.	4.5
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	Their hydroxylase is composed of two subunits in (alphabetagamma)2 quaternary structure and the electron transfer from the NADH reductase to the hydroxylase is mediated by a Rieske-type [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin.	1
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	Sequence analysis of the iacF gene product revealed that it belongs to the ferredoxin-NADP reductase family, which contains an FAD or flavin mononucleotide (FMN) binding domain, an NADH binding domain, and a plant-type [2Fe-2S] cluster domain, catalyzing transfer of reducing equivalents between the NADP+/NADPH pair and the oxygenase component.	1.5
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	In the MMO system, a reductase (MMOR) transfers the electrons from NADH to MMOH, whereas, in the Delta9D system, two proteins, NADPH:ferredoxin oxidoreductase (FdR) and [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin (Fd), constitute an electron transfer chain between NAD(P)H and Delta9D.	4
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	Oxygenases, the other group of enzyme utilizing oxygen as the substrate, can be further divided into two groups depending on whether they catalyze one atom (monooxygenases) or two oxygen atoms (dioxygenases) of oxygen onto the substrate.	4
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	Two characteristic types of transition metal containing oxygenases have been identified, namely the heme and nonheme oxygenases that either transfer one oxygen atom of molecular oxygen to the substrate (monoxygenases) or both oxygen atoms (dioxygenases).	4.5
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	TPH is a mono-oxygenase, which incorporates one atom of oxygen from molecular oxygen into the substrate and reduces the other atom to water.	2
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	Cytochrome P450s (CYPs) are heme containing mono-oxygenases which activate atmospheric dioxygen and insert one oxygen atom into an organic substrate and reduce the other to water.	1.5
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	Dioxygen-activating oxygenases can be divided into two groups: (i) monooxygenases (such as P450s), which incorporate one atom of the dioxygen into an organic substrate and reduce the other atom of the dioxygen to water, and (ii) dioxygenases (such as IDO and TDO), which insert both atoms of dioxygen into the substrate.	4.5
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	Under aerobic conditions, oxygenase enzymes introduce oxygen atoms into hydrocarbons (mono-oxygenases introduce one oxygen atom to a substrate while dioxygenases introduce two).	4.5
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	DNA double-strand breaks are repaired by homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair pathways, while other types of DNA damage are processed through the base excision repair, nucleotide excision repair or mismatch repair pathways.	2
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	The two major pathways for repair of DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs) are homologous recombination (HR) and nonhomologous end joining (NHEJ).	3
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	There are two main pathways in eukaryotic cells for the repair of DNA double-strand breaks: homologous recombination and nonhomologous end joining.	2
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	Two main pathways are classified for the repair of DNA double-strand breaks, homologous recombination and nonhomologous end joining.	3
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	SUMOylation plays important roles in the repair of DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs) via homologous recombination (HR) and nonhomologous end joining (NHEJ).	2
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	Two other pathways, homologous recombination (HR) and nonhomologous end-joining (NHEJ), are active in repair of DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs).	3
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	S. pombe RSC contains orthologs to many of the proteins in its S. cerevisiae counterpart, including the bromodomain proteins Rsc1, Rsc4 and Rsc58 (Table 2).	2.5
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	Bromodomain 1 (BD1), bromodomain 2 (BD2) or the bromoadjacent homology (BAH) domain of Rsc2 was replaced with the analogous domain from Rsc1. (B) Serial dilutions of mid-log cultures of wt with vector alone or rsc2 mutant strain containing vector alone (pRS415), pRSC2, or domain swap expression plasmids were plated onto media containing the indicated dose of MMS.	2.5
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	In Swi/Snf, there is a bromodomain in Snf2, while RSC has bromodomains in Sth1, Rsc1, Rsc2, and Rsc4.	3
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	The region of similarity between Rsc1 and Rsc2 is divided into five sections, bromodomains BD#1 and BD#2, the AT-hook motif, a bromodomain-adjacent homology (BAH), and a CT domain (Fig. 7A).	3
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	The Swi2/Snf2, Gcn5, Bdf1-1, Rsc1-2 and the Spt7 bromodomain had the highest increases in binding to hyperacetylated histones respectively, whereas the second bromodomains of Bdf1 and Rsc2 had a weaker binding to hyperacetylated histones (1.3-fold and 1.4-fold respectively).	2
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	The Rsc1-2 bromodomain bound only to acetylated H3 Lys9/Lys14 peptides and some of the H4 peptides, whereas the Rsc2-2 bromodomain did not seem to interact with any acetylated H4 peptide (Figures 2A and 2B, lanes 8 and 9).	2
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	Bromodomains (BRDs) are proteins that have been shown to interact with acetylated lysine on the histone in different transcription regulators.	5
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	Considering the fact that IRS-1 is acetylated and that bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine, the mode of interaction between PHIP and IRS-1 could be through the bromodomains, providing a molecular mechanism that explains why the increased acetylation of IRS-1, after TSA treatment, is accompanied by a higher level of tyrosine phosphorylation of IRS-1 despite the insulin resistant state.	1.5
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	One possibility is the recruitment of cofactors or chromatin remodeling complexes that solely interact with acetylated lysine residues via their bromodomains.	3.5
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	The bromodomain has been shown to interact specifically with acetylated lysine and it has been suggested that such an interaction may facilitate binding of proteins containing bromodomains to transcriptionally active chromatin.	4.5
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	The RSC complex in yeast contains multiple subunits with bromodomains or protein domains that interact with acetylated lysine residues.	4.5
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	Moreover, Swi/Snf, SAGA, and other chromatin-modifying complexes contain subunits with bromodomains that can interact with acetylated lysine residues in vitro and coordinate nucleosome remodeling in vivo.	2
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	Rsc1 and Rsc2 are similar in domain structure (multiple bromodomains, BAH domain, HMG domain) to the polybromo/BAF180 subunit of human hSWI/SNF-B (PBAF) complex, which functions as a cofactor for ligand-activated transcription on a chromatin template in vitro.	3
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	While, only one of the two bromodomains (BD2) in Rsc1 and Rsc2 are critical for RSC function, the tandem bromodomains in Rsc4 are essential for cell survival.	3.5
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	Our ctf13-30/CTF13 modifier and SDL secondary screens identified two nonessential components of the chromatin remodeling complex RSC, Rsc1 and Rsc2.	2.5
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	Two forms of the SWI/SNF-related RSC chromatin remodeling complex have been identified in S. cerevisiae, RSC1 and RSC2, with multiple shared components including the ATPase Sth1 and at least two unique components Rsc1 and Rsc2, as indicated by their respective designations.	3
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	The BAH domain has been identified in several chromatin-associated proteins, including Rsc1 and Rsc2, components of the RSC chromatin remodeling complex in S. cerevisiae; Dnmt1, the major DNA methyltransferase in mouse and human cells; Orc1, the largest subunit of the origin recognition complex; and others.	2.5
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	Examples included the deletions of MMS22, which acts in a double-strand break repair pathway that may be involved in resolving replication intermediates or preventing the damage caused by blocked replication forks; RSC1, RSC2, and LDB7, which are constituents of the RSC (remodel the structure of chromatin) complex involved in chromatin structure remodeling and double-strand break repair via nonhomologous end joining; and IMP2', a transcriptional activator believed to be involved in regulating io ***shortened***	2
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Bromodomains are structurally and evolutionary conserved ~110 amino acid modules present in a large number of chromatin-associated proteins (including ATPase-dependent chromatin remodeling complexes and in nearly all nuclear histone acetyltransferases).	5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	The family of BET (bromodomain and extraterminal) proteins, including BRD4, are chromatin 'reader' proteins that contain the N-terminal double, tandem, 110 amino acids-long bromodomains, through which they bind to the acetylated lysines on histone proteins.	2.5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	They also contain a single bromodomain, a conserved 110-amino-acid sequence found in many chromatin-associated proteins, including almost all nuclear HATs (reviewed in references and).	5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Bromodomains, first identified in 1992 as a 110-amino acid motif present in certain transcription factors and chromatin-modifying factors and solved structurally in 1999, are 'readers' of N-epsilon-acetyl-lysine modifications in nucleosomal chromatin, long understood to bring chromatin modifying enzymes to targeted promoters.	4.5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Bromodomains are highly conserved 110-amino acid motifs that recognize acetyl-lysine residues.	4.5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Bromodomains are an evolutionarily conserved family of ~110 amino acid modules found in histone acetyl transferases and other chromatin-associated proteins and transcriptional regulators.	5