This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	It has the trimeric quaternary structure and intersubunit cavities characteristic of this family of proteins.	3.5
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	This is also in agreement with findings for other orthologues where it has been proposed that 2-ketobutyrate, or a metabolic derivative thereof, interacts with the binding site.	1
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	This is the structure of the human protein hp14.5, which contains at least one benzoic acid molecule per site forming bi-dentate interactions between its carboxylate moiety and the guanidinium group of the strictly conserved Arg-107.	1
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	Six of the seven invariant residues in the high identity group of proteins are located in this cavity, suggesting that this may be a binding site for small molecules.	4
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	This finding immediately suggested that this cavity could represent a binding site for a substrate or ligand.	3
This domain homotrimerizes forming a distinct intersubunit cavity that may serve as a small molecule binding site.	(B) shows a superposition of the ligand-binding site from TdcF with 2-ketobutyrate bound in red, onto the site from hp14.5 with a benzoic acid molecule bound in blue (primary site only)(PDB accession code 1ONI), and the equivalent site in YjgF in yellow (PDB accession code 1QU9).	1
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	(B) Ribbon diagram of the chorismate mutase trimer.	1
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	The second alpha-helix of YabJ is replaced by a shorter 310-helix in chorismate mutase.	2.5
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	This site is structurally analogous to the active site of chorismate mutase.	4
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	Based on the structure alignment, the sequences of YabJ and chorismate mutase are only 8% identical.	4.5
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	The overall fold is similar to the crystal structures of two homologues, YabJ from Bacillus subtilis and YjgF from Escherichia coli, and all three structures are similar to that of chorismate mutase, although there is little sequence homology and no apparent functional connection.	5
The conserved domain is similar in structure to chorismate mutase but there is no sequence similarity and no functional connection.	Comparison of YabJ and B. subtilis chorismate mutase.	3
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	The YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family of proteins is conserved across the three domains of life, yet no biochemical function has been clearly defined for any member of this family.	5
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	Underlining indicates strictly conserved residues in the YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family [8].	2.5
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	The TdcF structure closely resembles those of all YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family members determined thus far.	3.5
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	The YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family of proteins is highly conserved and is found in bacteria, archaea and eukarya, and has recently been discovered in plants.	4
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	The YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family of proteins is widespread in nature, but has as yet no clearly defined biological role.	5
This group of proteins belong to a large family of YjgF/YER057c/UK114-like proteins present in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes with no definitive function.	UK114, the goat liver tumour antigen, is a member of the YER057c/YjgF/UK114 family of conserved low-molecular-mass proteins, which are widely distributed in prokaryotes and eukaryotes.	4
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	In Salmonella typhimurium, deletion of YjgF causes complex metabolic phenotypes, which point to its involvement in isoleucine biosynthesis and in coupling the oxidative pentose phosphate pathway to thiamine synthesis.	3
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	Based on results presented herein, we conclude that isoleucine allows a yjgF mutant to grow on pyruvate by satisfying a defect in isoleucine biosynthesis.	3.5
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	A member of the YER057c/yjgf/Uk114 family links isoleucine biosynthesis and intact mitochondria maintenance in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.	4
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	Depending on whether L-isoleucine is limiting or not for growth, TdcF, by sensing the levels of 2-ketobutyrate and forming a ternary complex with one or more of the enzymes of isoleucine biosynthesis or 2-ketobutyrate degradation, ensures that 2-ketobutyrate does not accumulate in the cell.	2
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	The tdcF gene is located in a multi-cistronic operon whose gene products have a role in the anaerobic degradation of L-threonine and L-serine.	2.5
Members of this family have been implicated in isoleucine (Yeo7, Ibm1, aldR) and purine (YjgF) biosynthesis, as well as threonine anaerobic degradation (tdcF) and mitochondrial DNA maintenance (Ibm1).	Similarly, Lactococcus lactis aldR has been implicated in regulation of isoleucine biosynthesis.	3
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	These structural features imply that the repressor family evolved by acquiring the DNA-binding domain in the N-terminal of an ancestral periplasmic binding protein (PBP).	1.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	Periplasmic binding proteins: a versatile superfamily for protein engineering.	2.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	The diversity of biological function, ligand binding, conformational changes and structural adaptability of the periplasmic binding protein superfamily have been exploited to engineer biosensors, allosteric control elements, biologically active receptors and enzymes using a combination of techniques, including computational design.	1.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	A motif foramino acid recognition by proteins or domains of the periplasmic binding protein-like I superfamily has been identified.	1.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	The bacterial LacI/GalR family repressors such as lactose operon repressor (LacI), purine nucleotide synthesis repressor (PurR), and trehalose operon repressor (TreR) consist of not only the N-terminal helix-turn-helix DNA-binding domain but also the C-terminal ligand-binding domain that is structurally homologous to periplasmic sugar-binding proteins.	1.5
Periplasmic xylose-binding component of the ABC-type transport systems that belong to a family of pentose/hexose sugar-binding proteins of the type I periplasmic binding protein (PBP1) superfamily, which consists of two alpha/beta globular domains connected by a three-stranded hinge.	The venus flytrap of periplasmic binding proteins: An ancient protein module present in multiple drug receptors	1.5
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	The venus flytrap of periplasmic binding proteins: An ancient protein module present in multiple drug receptors	2.5
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	At least one of these sites, together with the one proven to exist in the other domain, could be used by the signal transducer with which both binding proteins interact in a way which the substrate-loaded "closed cleft" structure could be discriminated from the unliganded "open cleft" form by the transducer.	2.5
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	Amino acid recognition by Venus flytrap domains is encoded in an 8-residue motif.	2
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	The diversity of biological function, ligand binding, conformational changes and structural adaptability of the periplasmic binding protein superfamily have been exploited to engineer biosensors, allosteric control elements, biologically active receptors and enzymes using a combination of techniques, including computational design.	1.5
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	The bacterial LacI/GalR family repressors such as lactose operon repressor (LacI), purine nucleotide synthesis repressor (PurR), and trehalose operon repressor (TreR) consist of not only the N-terminal helix-turn-helix DNA-binding domain but also the C-terminal ligand-binding domain that is structurally homologous to periplasmic sugar-binding proteins.	1
This Venus flytrap-like domain undergoes a transition from an open to a closed conformational state upon ligand binding.	Thus plant iGluRs carry two Venus flytrap domains, one that binds glutamate and an additional one that would be a modulatory LIVBP domain.	2
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	An initial pattern of 5 residues was based on a multiple sequence alignment of selected proteins of that fold family and on common structural features observed in the crystal structure of some members of the family [leucine isoleucine valine binding protein (LIVBP), leucine binding protein (LBP), and metabotropic glutamate receptor type 1 (mGlu1R) amino terminal domain)].	1.5
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	Phylogenetic analysis of the LacI/GalR family repressors and their PBP homologues revealed that the acquisition of the DNA-binding domain occurred first in the family, and ligand specificity then evolved.	2.5
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	On the basis of homology to PBPs and a recently resolved crystal structure of the extracellular binding domain of a glutamate receptor ion channel, it is possible to construct three-dimensional models of their ligand binding domains.	2
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	The cistrons code for a periplasmic D-xylose-binding protein (XylF, partial sequence of 250 amino acids), ATP-binding protein (XylG, 505 amino acids), and integral membrane protein (XylH, 388 amino acids).	1
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	They were found to belong to only three families of proteins: bacterial periplasmic binding proteins (PBP, 71 sequences), family 3 (or C) of G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) (146 sequences), and plant putative ionotropic glutamate receptors (iGluR, 15 sequences).	1.5
Moreover, the periplasmic xylose-binding protein is homologous to the ligand-binding domain of eukaryotic receptors such as glutamate receptor (GluR) and DNA-binding transcriptional repressors such as LacI and GalR.	Parallel evolution of ligand specificity between LacI/GalR family repressors and periplasmic sugar-binding proteins.	2.5
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	One mutation was identified, DHR38Y214, that lacks all protein coding sequences contained within cTK11, including sequences encoding the entire DNA-binding and ligand binding domains of the receptor, while sequences 3' of DHR38 appear to be unaffected (Fig.1).	2.5
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	The orphan nuclear receptor DHR38 influences transcription of the DOPA decarboxylase gene in epidermal and neural tissues of Drosophila melanogaster.	3.5
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	The Drosophila orphan nuclear receptor DHR38 mediates an atypical ecdysteroid signaling pathway.	3.5
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	The Drosophila DHR38 nuclear receptor is required for adult cuticle integrity at eclosion	3.5
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	Given that this receptor is the only member of the NR4A subclass in Drosophila, further studies of DHR38 mutants should provide insights into the ancestral roles of these receptors during development, with implications for better understanding the regulatory functions of NR4A family members in all higher organisms.	3.5
The ligand binding domain of nuclear receptor DHR38-like proteins: DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila.	Ligand binding and nuclear receptor evolution.	2.5
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	They are defined by a highly conserved DNA-binding domain that consists of two zinc-fingers, and a less conserved ligand binding domain (LBD) that can regulate receptor activity, often in response to small lipophilic compounds.	4
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	X-ray crystallographic analysis of DHR38 reveals the absence of both a classic ligand binding pocket and coactivator binding site, features that seem to be common to all NGFI-B subfamily members.	3
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	Nuclear receptors form a superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors implicated in various physiological functions from development to homoeostasis.	3
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	In this paper, we show that another member of the nuclear receptor superfamily, DHR38, may act as a repressor of epidermal Ddc while inducing Ddc expression in neuronal cells.	2.5
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	Nuclear receptors form a superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors that regulate various physiological functions, from development to homeostasis, in metazoans.	3
Like other members of the nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily of ligand-activated transcription factors, DHR38 has a central well conserved DNA binding domain (DBD), a variable N-terminal domain, a flexible hinge and a C-terminal ligand binding domain (LBD).	DHR38 is a member of the steroid receptor superfamily in Drosophila homologous to the vertebrate NGFI-B-type orphan receptors.	2
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	The DHR38 mutation has minor effects on ecdysone-regulated gene expression at the onset of metamorphosis.	3.5
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	DHR38 does not behave as a classical co-repressor of the ecdysone receptor though, since the site through which DHR38 acts is distinct from the EcRE.	3
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	Down-regulation of these genes might be an indirect effect caused by ectopic DHR38 protein removing USP from functional EcR/USP receptor complexes.	3.5
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	The Drosophila orphan nuclear receptor DHR38 mediates an atypical ecdysteroid signaling pathway.	4
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	DHR38 has been proposed to impact ecdysone signaling through its interaction with USP.	4
DHR38 interacts with the USP component of the ecdysone receptor complex, suggesting that DHR38 might modulate ecdysone-triggered signals in the fly, in addition to the ECR/USP pathway.	DHR38 also heterodimerizes with USP, and this complex responds to a distinct class of ecdysteroids in a manner that is independent of EcR.	4
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	Consistent with this, we map the EMS-induced lesions in each DHR38 mutant allele and show that DHR3856, but not DHR3843 or DHR3857, disrupts sequences common to both DHR38 mRNA isoforms, accounting for the relative strength of its phenotype.	2.5
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	DHR38 transcripts were detected by RT-PCR analysis as described using primers that are specific to a 407 bp region present in all known DHR38 mRNA isoforms (5'-ACATCATGGAGTTCAGCCGCA-3' and 5'-GGAGGCATAACTTAGGGGCTA-3').	3
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	DHR38 appears to be expressed at a relatively constant low level throughout development, requiring the use of riboprobes on northern blots or qRT-PCR for mRNA detection.	2.5
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	The DHR38 gene in Drosophila is ~30 kb in length and consists of at least two mRNA isoforms, defined by the cTK11 and cTK61 cDNAs (Fig. 1).	3.5
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	This region is shared by all known DHR38 mRNA isoforms, supporting the conclusion that DHR38Y214 represents a null allele.	2.5
At least four differentially expressed mRNA isoforms have been detected during development.	The Dhr38 transcription unit spans more than 40 kb in length, includes four introns, and produces at least four mRNA isoforms differentially expressed in development; two of these are greatly enriched in the pupal stage and encode nested polypeptides.	5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	We have now cloned the gene encoding the K. lactis Golgi membrane N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase by complementation of the mnn2-1 mutation and named it GNT1.	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	The genes for the Golgi apparatus N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase and the UDP-N-acetylglucosamine transporter are contiguous in Kluyveromyces lactis.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	Two classes of mutants were obtained which lack the N-acetyl-D-glucosamine-containing determinant.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	This (Man)4GNAc unit (the N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative of mannotetroase) and the (Man)4 side chain, aMan(1 yields 3)aMan(1 yields 2)aMan(1 yields 2)Man, are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	The mannan chains of Kluyveromyces lactis mannoproteins are similar to those of Saccharomyces cerevisiae except that they lack mannose phosphate and have terminal alpha(1-->2)-linked N-acetylglucosamine.	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a fungal enzyme that catalyzes the addition of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine to mannotetraose side chains by an alpha 1-2 linkage during the synthesis of mannan.	Apparently, it has a defective alpha-1 yields 3-mannosyltransferase and the (Man)4 unit must be formed to serve as the acceptor before the alpha-1 yields 2-N-acetyl-glucosamine transferase can act.	1.5
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	The mannan chains of Kluyveromyces lactis mannoproteins are similar to those of Saccharomyces cerevisiae except that they lack mannose phosphate and have terminal alpha(1-->2)-linked N-acetylglucosamine.	1.5
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	Protoplast particles from the mmnl mutants showed wild type N-acetylglucosamine transferase activity with exogenous acceptor, but they had no endogenous activity because the endogenous mannan lacked acceptor side chains.	1.5
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	One side chain in the cell wall mannan of the yeast Kluyveromyces lactis has the structure (see article).	1.5
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	The product from the reaction with alphaMan(1 yields 3)Man had the N-acetylglucosamine attached to the mannose unit at the reducing end, which supports the conclusion that the cell-free glycosyltransferase activity is identical with that involved in mannan synthesis.	2
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	Apparently, it has a defective alpha-1 yields 3-mannosyltransferase and the (Man)4 unit must be formed to serve as the acceptor before the alpha-1 yields 2-N-acetyl-glucosamine transferase can act.	1.5
The N-acetyl-D-glucosamine moiety in mannan plays a role in the attachment of mannan to asparagine residues in proteins.	Two classes of mutants were obtained which lack the N-acetyl-D-glucosamine-containing determinant.	1
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	Protoplast particles from the wild type cells catalyzed a Mn2+-dependent transfer of N-acetylglucosamine from UDP-N-acetylglucosamine to the mannotetraose side chain of endogenous acceptors.	2
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	The mannan chains of Kluyveromyces lactis mannoproteins are similar to those of Saccharomyces cerevisiae except that they lack mannose phosphate and have terminal alpha(1-->2)-linked N-acetylglucosamine.	1.5
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	The mannan of one class, designated mmnl, lacks both the (Man)4GNAc and (Man)4 side chains.	1.5
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	Protoplast particles from the mmnl mutants showed wild type N-acetylglucosamine transferase activity with exogenous acceptor, but they had no endogenous activity because the endogenous mannan lacked acceptor side chains.	2
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	Isolation of Kluyveromyces lactis mannan mutants and a study of the incorporation of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine into the polysaccharide side chains.	1.5
The mannotetraose and its N-acetyl-D-glucosamine derivative side chains of mannan are the principle immunochemical determinants on the cell surface.	Apparently, it has a defective alpha-1 yields 3-mannosyltransferase and the (Man)4 unit must be formed to serve as the acceptor before the alpha-1 yields 2-N-acetyl-glucosamine transferase can act.	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	Depending on the configuration of the anomeric functional group of the glycosyl donor molecule and of the resulting glycoconjugate, all known glycosyltransferases can be divided into two major types: retaining glycosyltransferases, which transfer sugar residue with the retention of anomeric configuration, and inverting glycosyltransferases, which transfer sugar residue with the inversion of anomeric configuration.	3.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	The former mutant lacks the Golgi N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase activity, whereas the latter one was recently found to be deficient in the Golgi UDP-GlcNAc transporter activity.	2
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	Although many glycosyltransferases catalyse chemically similar reactions, presumably through transition states with substantial oxocarbenium ion character, they display remarkable diversity in their donor, acceptor and product specificity and thereby generate a potentially infinite number of glycoconjugates, oligo- and polysaccharides.	1.5
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	To elucidate the structural requirements for substrate recognition and catalytic reactions of glycosyltransferases, we have searched the databases for homologous sequences, identified conserved amino acid residues, and proposed potential domain motifs for these enzymes.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	This family is termed NRD1 alpha to designate the similarity and stereochemistry of sugar transfer, and it consists of 77 glycosyltransferases identified thus far.	1
N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase is a member of glycosyltransferase family 8, which are, based on the relative anomeric stereochemistry of the substrate and product in the reaction catalyzed, retaining glycosyltransferases.	The genes for the Golgi apparatus N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase and the UDP-N-acetylglucosamine transporter are contiguous in Kluyveromyces lactis.	1.5
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	It consists of six Ig and four fibronectin type III domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	5
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	The immunoglobulin superfamily (IgSF) is a heterogenic group of proteins built on a common fold, called the Ig fold, which is a sandwich of two beta sheets.	1
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	Although members of the IgSF share a similar Ig fold, they differ in their tissue distribution, amino acid composition, and biological role.	1
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	The recently solved crystal structure indicates a module composed of the four N-terminal Ig domains as the contact site between trans-interacting axonin-1 molecules from apposed membranes.	1.5
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	The results confirmed the existence of a binding region within the N-terminal Ig domains and identified a second region contributing to homophilic binding on the third and fourth fibronectin domains near the C terminus.	2
Contactins are comprised of six Ig domains followed by four fibronectin type III (FnIII) domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	The wide occurrence of the Ig fold and the much less conserved sequences could have developed from a common ancestral gene and/or from a convergent evolutionary process.	1
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	The crystal structure of the ligand binding module of axonin-1/TAG-1 suggests a zipper mechanism for neural cell adhesion.	2.5
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	In the crystals, these molecules are aligned in a string with adjacent molecules oriented in an anti-parallel fashion and their C termini perpendicular to the string.	2
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	This arrangement suggests that cell adhesion by homophilic axonin-1 interaction occurs by the formation of a linear zipper-like array in which the axonin-1 molecules are alternately provided by the two apposed membranes.	5
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	Cis-assisted trans-binding may be a basic binding mechanism common to many cell adhesion molecules.	1.5
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	The C-terminal binding regions strengthen the cell-cell contact by enhancing the expansion of the linear string into a two-dimensional array via cis-interactions.	1.5
It has been proposed that a linear zipper-like array forms, from contactin-2 molecules alternatively provided by the two apposed membranes.	The rodent glycoprotein TAG-1 and its orthologs TAX-1 in the human and axonin-1 in chick are cell adhesion molecules belonging to the contactin/F3 subgroup of the IgSF.	1
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	We have determined the crystal structure of the ligand binding fragment of the neural cell adhesion molecule axonin-1/TAG-1 comprising the first four immunoglobulin (Ig) domains.	1.5
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	Axonin-1/TAG-1 mediates cell-cell adhesion by a cis-assisted trans-interaction.	3.5
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	In accordance with this model, mutations in a loop critical for the formation of the zipper resulted in the loss of the homophilic binding capacity of axonin-1.	3
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	This arrangement suggests that cell adhesion by homophilic axonin-1 interaction occurs by the formation of a linear zipper-like array in which the axonin-1 molecules are alternately provided by the two apposed membranes.	4.5
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	The N-terminal binding regions of axonin-1 establish a linear zipper-like string of trans-interacting axonin-1 molecules alternately provided by the two apposed membranes.	3
Contactin-2 (aliases TAG-1, axonin-1) facilitates cell adhesion by homophilic binding between molecules in apposed membranes.	The rodent glycoprotein TAG-1 and its orthologs TAX-1 in the human and axonin-1 in chick are cell adhesion molecules belonging to the contactin/F3 subgroup of the IgSF.	2
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	The crystal structure of the ligand binding module of axonin-1/TAG-1 suggests a zipper mechanism for neural cell adhesion.	1.5
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	Axonin-1/TAG-1 mediates cell-cell adhesion by a cis-assisted trans-interaction.	1.5
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	The rodent glycoprotein TAG-1 and its orthologs TAX-1 in the human and axonin-1 in chick are cell adhesion molecules belonging to the contactin/F3 subgroup of the IgSF.	1.5
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	We have determined the crystal structure of the ligand binding fragment of the neural cell adhesion molecule axonin-1/TAG-1 comprising the first four immunoglobulin (Ig) domains.	2
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	This study focused on the temporal and spatial pattern of expression of the cell adhesion molecule axonin-1 in amacrine cells and the identification of these cells in the developing chick retina.	1.5
Ig2-Contactin	2	like: second Ig domain of the neural cell adhesion molecule contactin-2.	Cell adhesion and pattern recognition seem to be the common feature running through the entire family.	1.5
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	The crystal structure of the ligand binding module of axonin-1/TAG-1 suggests a zipper mechanism for neural cell adhesion.	1.5
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	The overall structure of axonin-1(Ig1-4) is U-shaped due to contacts between domains 1 and 4 and domains 2 and 3.	4.5
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	In accordance with this model, mutations in a loop critical for the formation of the zipper resulted in the loss of the homophilic binding capacity of axonin-1.	1
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	The results confirmed the existence of a binding region within the N-terminal Ig domains and identified a second region contributing to homophilic binding on the third and fourth fibronectin domains near the C terminus.	1.5
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	The recently solved crystal structure indicates a module composed of the four N-terminal Ig domains as the contact site between trans-interacting axonin-1 molecules from apposed membranes.	4
The first four Ig domains form the intermolecular binding fragment which arranges as a compact U-shaped module by contacts between Ig domains 1 and 4, and domains 2 and 3.	It consists of six Ig and four fibronectin type III domains anchored to the membrane by glycosylphosphatidylinositol.	1.5
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	Here we characterize ASAP3 and test the hypothesis that ASAP3 and ASAP1, with highly similar structures, have redundant cellular functions in controlling cell migration and invasion.	3.5
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	ArfGAP family proteins in cell adhesion, migration and tumor invasion.	3.5
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	Third, reduction of ASAP3 expression levels slowed cell migration and invasion, whereas reduction of ASAP1 expression did not affect these activities.	4
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	Transwell Migration and Invasion Assay:Migration and invasion assays were carried out with cell culture inserts (8-mum pore size; BD Biosciences).	1
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	Reducing ASAP1 expression has been reported to slow cell migration in some studies, accelerate cell migration in others, and decrease cell invasion.	3
ASAPs function in regulating cell growth, migration, and invasion.	In addition, ASAP1 associates with and regulates FAs, CDRs, and invadopodia/podosomes, structures involved in cell migration and invasion.	3.5
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	ASAP1, an Arf GTPase-activating protein (GAP) containing Src homology 3 (SH3) and Bin, amphiphysin, and RVS161/167 (BAR) domains, is a substrate of Src that controls invadopodia.	2.5
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	Arf GTPase-activating Protein ASAP1 Interacts with Rab11 Effector FIP3 and Regulates Pericentrosomal Localization of Transferrin Receptor-positive Recycling Endosome	1.5
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	Autoinhibition of Arf GTPase-activating Protein Activity by the BAR Domain in ASAP1*	2
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	ASAP1 is an Arf GTPase-activating protein that prefers Arf1 and Arf5 to Arf6.	4
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	ASAP1 is an Arf GTPase-activating protein (GAP) that functions on membrane surfaces to catalyze the hydrolysis of GTP bound to Arf.	3
ASAP1 and ASAP2 shows GTPase activating protein (GAP) activity towards Arf1 and Arf5.	Indeed, Arf3 has high homology to Arf1 (~95% identity on the primary amino acid sequences), and our previous in vitro analysis has shown that Arf5 is as efficiently used by ASAP1 as Arf1.	3.5
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	Our in vitro experiments indicated ASAP3 has a small preference for Arf5 and Arf1 as compared with Arf6.	4
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	PH domain of ASAP3 is required for efficient Arf GAP activity.	2
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	ASAP3 was biochemically similar to ASAP1: the pleckstrin homology domain affected function of the catalytic domain by more than 100-fold; catalysis was stimulated by phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate; and Arf1, Arf5, and Arf6 were used as substrates in vitro.	2
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	FIP3 stimulates ASAP1 GAP activity against Arf1. (A) FIP3 stimulates ASAP1 GAP activity against Arf1, but not Arf6.	1.5
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	ASAP3 Is a Focal Adhesion-associated Arf GAP That Functions in Cell Migration and Invasion*S	3
ASAP3 is an Arf6-specific GAP.	A truncated form of ASAP3, containing PH, Arf GAP, and ankyrin repeat domains ([287-693]ASAP3) had 3	4	fold more activity against Arf5 than Arf1 and Arf6 measured by the hydrolysis of GTP bound to Arf (Fig. 2A) as described under "Experimental Procedures."	2.5
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	In this scenario, the BAR domain of a protein would either be able to sense and induce membrane curvature or else bind to small GTPases, such that if the ability to sense membrane curvature has been lost, membrane association could be mediated through binding to a small GTPase.	4
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	BAR domains may induce membrane curvature de novo (e.g., "induced fit"), stabilize curvature generated by other forces, or detect curvature in order to recruit cytosolic factors to membranes of a particular shape or size.	4
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	Computational studies reinforce the notion that BAR domains can induce both local membrane bending and anisotropic membrane remodeling over large distances.	4
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	The PH and PX domains, which bind to specific phosphoinositides, are thought to increase the specificity of membrane targeting of BAR domain proteins since the BAR domain together with the PH/PX domain would allow targeting to a membrane subdomain with a specific membrane curvature and lipid composition.	4
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	The cellular roles of BAR domain proteins, characterized over the past decade in cells as distinct as yeasts, neurons, and myocytes, can now be understood in terms of a fundamental molecular function of all BAR domain proteins: to sense membrane curvature, to bind GTPases, and to mold a diversity of cellular membranes.	4.5
BAR domains form dimers that bind to membranes, induce membrane bending and curvature, and may also be involved in protein-protein interactions.	Several BAR domains found in amphipysin, endophilin, sorting nexins and Arf GAPs such as ACAP1 and ASAP1 sense or induce membrane curvature.	4
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	In this respect and in the case of the APPL proteins, sensing membrane curvature by the BAR domain could be a means for proper localization prior to binding to Rab5.	2.5
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	Clearly, there are two functions associated with the BAR domain:(1) the sensing and/or induction of membrane curvature and (2) the binding to a small GTPase.	3.5
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	BAR domain proteins with adjacent PH domains, which lack the N-terminal amphipathic alpha-helix, tubulate liposomes less efficiently and binding of these BAR domains and their adjacent PH domains to liposomes is sensitive to membrane curvature.	2.5
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	Inducing and sensing curvature are not exclusive of one another: local deformations caused by BAR domain proteins will facilitate binding of additional BARs and thereby generate a positive-feedback cycle for curvature propagation.	3.5
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	These discoveries have created great excitement, since it may now be possible to explain the diverse cellular roles of BAR domain proteins in terms of sensing membrane curvature, binding GTPases, and actively molding cellular membranes.	4
BAR domains are dimerization, lipid binding and curvature sensing modules found in many different proteins with diverse functions.	Models for the separation or the interplay between membrane curvature sensing and bending and small GTPase-binding of BAR-domain proteins.	2.5
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	The deduced 903-amino acid sequence showed 46% homology to DDEF/ASAP1 (development and differentiation enhancing factor), and contained an Arf GTPase-activating protein (ArfGAP) domain and two ankyrin repeats.	1.5
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	In addition to the PH, Arf GAP, and ankyrin repeat domains, ASAPs contain BAR, proline-rich, and SH3 domains; ACAPs have a BAR domain; AGAPs have a GTP-binding protein-like domain; the ARAPs have sterilealpha motif, 5 PH, Rho GAP, and Ras-association domains.	5
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	Bin1 has a domain structure similar to that of amphiphysin 1, featuring an N-terminal BAR domain with predicted coiled-coil structure and a C-terminal SH3 domain (Fig. 1).	1.5
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	ASAP1 contains, from the N terminus, BAR, PH, Arf GAP, Ankyrin repeat, proline-rich, and SH3 domains.	4
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	In addition to PH and Arf GAP domains, ASAP1 contains an N-terminal Bin, Amphiphysin, and Rvs167/Rvs161 (BAR) domain and, in the C-terminal half of the protein, a proline (Pro)-rich domain and Src homology 3 (SH3) domain.	4
This subfamily is composed of ASAPs (ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins), which are Arf GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) with similarity to ACAPs (ArfGAP with Coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain containing proteins) in that they contain an N-terminal BAR domain, followed by a Pleckstrin homology (PH) domain, an Arf GAP domain, and ankyrin (ANK) repeats.	Abbreviation of domains is as follows: BAR, BAR (Bin-Amphiphysin-Rvs); PH, pleckstrin homology; Arf GAP, Arf GAP; ANK, Ankyrin repeat; Pro, proline rich region; and SH3, Src homology 3.	1.5
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	Based on these results, we propose a model in which the N-terminal extension of the BAR domain interacts with the PH and Arf GAP domains to affect enzymatic activity.	3
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	Here we compared the kinetics of recombinant proteins composed of the PH, Arf GAP, and Ankyrin repeat (PZA)3 or BAR, PH, Arf GAP, and Ankyrin repeat (BAR-PZA) domains of ASAP1 to test the hypothesis that the BAR domain affects enzymatic activity.	3
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	A recombinant protein containing the BAR domain of ASAP1, together with the PH and Arf GAP domains, efficiently bent the surface of large unilamellar vesicles, resulting in the formation of tubular structures.	4
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	We set out to test the hypothesis that the BAR domain of ASAP1 affects GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	3.5
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	Based on the homology structure, the N-terminal extension of the BAR domain contacts the PH and Arf GAP domains and could, consequently, affect GAP activity.	4
The BAR domain of ASAP1 mediates membrane bending, is essential for function, and autoinhibits GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or Arf GAP domains.	The effect on ASAP1 was dependent on an N-terminal extension of the BAR domain that may associate with the PH and Arf GAP domains.	4
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	This shows that binding is mediated by either the N-terminal BAR domain or the central proline-rich insert domain, but not by the C-terminal SH3 domain.	1.5
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	Heterodimer formation does not require the Bin1+10+13 MBD or C-terminal SH3 domain.	1.5
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	Rvs167p interacts with both Las17p and Vrp1p via its C-terminal SH3 domain (; our unpublished data).	1.5
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	The novel c-Myc interaction involves the C-terminal SH3 domain of various Bin1 isoforms interacting with a proline-rich motif positioned within the MB1 domain of c-Myc.	1
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	Bin1 has a domain structure similar to that of amphiphysin 1, featuring an N-terminal BAR domain with predicted coiled-coil structure and a C-terminal SH3 domain (Fig. 1).	1.5
However, ASAPs contain an additional C-terminal SH3 domain.	Moreover, Bin1 has been shown to interact via its C-terminal SH3 domain with Rin3.	1.5
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	A, siRNA-mediated knockdown of ASAP1 and ASAP3 protein expression.	1.5
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	ASAP1 may undergo a significant conformational change on switching from the ground state of substrate binding to the transition state (E* in Fig. 7) toward catalysis as we first proposed when examining the movement of the C and N termini of a protein composed of the PH, Arf GAP, and Ank repeats of ASAP2.	1.5
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	Accession numbers for human Arf GAPs are: ArfGAP1, NM-018209; ArfGAP3, NM-014570; ArfGAP4, NM-032389; Git1, NM-014030; Git2, NP-476510; ASAP1, BAA86563; ASAP2, NM-003887; ASAP3, NM-017707; ACAP1, NM-014716; ACAP2, NM-012287; ACAP3, NM-030649; AGAP1, NM-014770; AGAP2, NM-014914; AGAP3, NM-031946; ARAP1, NM-015242; ARAP2, NM-015230; ARAP3, NM-022481.	1.5
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	A, schematic diagram of ASAP1 and ASAP3 domains.	2
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	Other ASAP isoforms, ASAP2 and ASAP3, have similar domain structures and high homology, especially in the Arf GAP domains, although ASAP3 lacks C-terminal SH3 domain.	2
Vertebrates contain at least three members, ASAP1, ASAP2, and ASAP3.	At least for the mammary carcinoma cell line we examined, ASAP3 contributes to invasion but ASAP1 does not.	1.5
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	FIP3 binding to the BAR domain stimulated ASAP1 GAP activity against Arf1, but not Arf6.	2
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	A truncated form of ASAP3, containing PH, Arf GAP, and ankyrin repeat domains ([287-693]ASAP3) had 3	4	fold more activity against Arf5 than Arf1 and Arf6 measured by the hydrolysis of GTP bound to Arf (Fig. 2A) as described under "Experimental Procedures."	2
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	FIP3 binds to two different classes of small GTP-binding proteins simultaneously, Rab11 and Arfs (Arf5 and Arf6).	1.5
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	This activity was regulated by Arf1*GTP binding to the Arf GAP domain.	1.5
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	Arfaptin is a BAR domain that binds to Rac1 GDP and to Arf6 GTP.	2
They do not show GAP activity towards Arf6, but is able to mediate Arf6 signaling by binding stably to GTP-Arf6.	These dual mechanisms of AMAP2 may be important for the cellular function of GTP-Arf6.	2.5
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	Furthermore, HRG-induced recruitment of GFP-cofilin to lamellipodia is impaired in Memo and in PLCgamma1 KD cells, suggesting that both proteins lie upstream of cofilin in models of ErbB2-driven tumor-cell migration.	3.5
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	Memo is a cofilin-interacting protein that influences PLCgamma1 and cofilin activities, and is essential for maintaining directionality during ErbB2-induced tumor-cell migration.	5
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) is a 297-amino-acid protein recently shown to co-precipitate with the C terminus of ErbB2 and be required for ErbB2-driven cell motility.	4
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	While investigating signaling pathways involved in ErbB2-driven breast carcinoma cell migration, we have identified Memo, a protein that does not belong to any known family of signaling molecules, as a novel ErbB2 effector.	4
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	Memo is an effector of the ErbB2 receptor tyrosine kinase involved in breast carcinoma cell migration.	3.5
It is required for the ErbB2-driven cell mobility and is found in protein complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	Memo and PLCgamma1 interact with ErbB2 autophosphorylation sites and are essential for HRG-induced chemotaxis.	4
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	Memo is an effector of the ErbB2 receptor tyrosine kinase involved in breast carcinoma cell migration.	1.5
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	Memo is a cofilin-interacting protein that influences PLCgamma1 and cofilin activities, and is essential for maintaining directionality during ErbB2-induced tumor-cell migration.	2
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	Furthermore, HRG-induced recruitment of GFP-cofilin to lamellipodia is impaired in Memo and in PLCgamma1 KD cells, suggesting that both proteins lie upstream of cofilin in models of ErbB2-driven tumor-cell migration.	1.5
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	The interaction was confirmed in vitro using recombinant proteins and in vivo in co-immunoprecipitation experiments where Memo was detected in complexes with cofilin, ErbB2 and PLCgamma1.	2
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	Memo is homologous to nonheme iron dioxygenases and binds an ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide in its vestigial active site.	3
However, Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and its function in ErbB2 signaling is not known.	While investigating signaling pathways involved in ErbB2-driven breast carcinoma cell migration, we have identified Memo, a protein that does not belong to any known family of signaling molecules, as a novel ErbB2 effector.	4.5
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	Memo is required for ErbB2-regulated MT dynamics.	2
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	Memo mediates ErbB2-driven cell motility.	2.5
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	Memo is homologous to nonheme iron dioxygenases and binds an ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide in its vestigial active site.	5
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	We report in this study that Memo controls ErbB2-regulated MT dynamics by altering the transition frequency between MT growth and shortening phases.	2
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	Memo and PLCgamma1 interact with ErbB2 autophosphorylation sites and are essential for HRG-induced chemotaxis.	3.5
Structural studies show that Memo binds directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide.	No metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo, but Memo does bind directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide encompassing Tyr-1227 using its vestigial enzymatic active site.	5
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	(C) Cell body (CB) and lamellipodia (Lp) of control and Memo siRNA-expressing cells were fractionated.	1
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	(C-F) Individual MT plus ends were tracked over time after addition of HRG to SKBR3 (C and D) and T47D (E and F) cells, and dynamic instability was analyzed.	1
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	We describe a novel molecule, Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility), that interacts with a phospho-Tyr 1227-containing peptide, most probably through the Shc adaptor protein.	2
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	Biochemical analysis of lamellipodia- and cell body-enriched fractions confirmed that RhoA and Memo were enriched in the cell leading edge and that decreased expression of Memo led to a specific reduction of RhoA in lamellipodia (Fig. 5 C).	1.5
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	(C and D) Still images from Videos 5-8 showing EGFP-actin (C) or EGFP-alpha-actinin-1 (D) expression in control and Memo-depleted migrating cells.	1
This subfamily also contains a few members containing a C-terminal AMMECR1-like domain.	Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) is a 297-amino-acid protein recently shown to co-precipitate with the C terminus of ErbB2 and be required for ErbB2-driven cell motility.	1.5
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	No metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo, but Memo does bind directly to a specific ErbB2-derived phosphopeptide encompassing Tyr-1227 using its vestigial enzymatic active site.	3.5
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	To provide a molecular basis for understanding Memo function, we have determined and report here the 2.1A crystal structure of human Memo and show it be homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent dioxygenases, a structural class that now includes a zinc-binding protein of unknown function.	4
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	Two classes of these enzymes have been identified, based on the mode of ring cleavage: intradiol dioxygenases utilize non-heme Fe(III) to cleave the aromatic nucleus ortho to the hydroxyl substituents; and extradiol dioxygenases utilize non-heme Fe(II) or other divalent metal ions to cleave the aromatic nucleus meta to the hydroxyl substituents.	2
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	The catechol dioxygenases can be divided into two major groups: those that cleave the aromatic ring between the vicinal diols (the intradiol enzymes) and those that cleave the ring to one side of the vicinal diols (the extradiol enzymes).	1.5
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	The catalytic mechanism of the non-heme iron extradiol dioxygenases has been studied using hybrid density functional theory.	1.5
Memo is homologous to class III nonheme iron-dependent extradiol dioxygenases, however, no metal binding or enzymatic activity can be detected for Memo.	Overall, extradiol dioxygenases appear to be more versatile than their intradiol counterparts.	1.5
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	Memo is an effector of the ErbB2 receptor tyrosine kinase involved in breast carcinoma cell migration.	2
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	The molecular basis underlying ErbB2-dependent cell motility and metastases formation, however, still remains poorly understood.	1.5
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) is a 297-amino-acid protein recently shown to co-precipitate with the C terminus of ErbB2 and be required for ErbB2-driven cell motility.	2.5
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	Memo is not homologous to any known signaling proteins, and how it mediates ErbB2 signals is not known.	1.5
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	We have investigated the mechanisms underlying Memo's function in ErbB2-driven motility in living breast carcinoma cell lines.	2.5
This subfamily is composed of Memo (mediator of ErbB2-driven cell motility) and similar proteins.	Memo mediates ErbB2-driven cell motility.	2.5
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	Memo thus represents a new class of phosphotyrosine-binding protein.	1.5
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	This is supported by the fact that lamellipodial localization of cortactin, another actin filament-binding protein, is also dependent on Memo.	1.5
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	The nature of the protein ligands determines this specificity.	1
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	Memo is involved in small adhesion site formation and alpha-actinin lamellipodial localization.	1.5
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	A recent study proposed that a dense actin network comprising the actin-bundling protein alpha-actinin might be associated with initiation of adhesion sites.	1
The AMMECR1 protein was proposed to be a regulatory factor that is potentially involved in the development of AMME contiguous gene deletion syndrome.	Memo is an effector of the ErbB2 receptor tyrosine kinase involved in breast carcinoma cell migration.	1.5
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	Thus, Memo is an essential effector of ErbB2-regulated MT dynamics.	2.5
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	Memo is an effector of the ErbB2 receptor tyrosine kinase involved in breast carcinoma cell migration.	3
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	The molecular basis underlying ErbB2-dependent cell motility and metastases formation, however, still remains poorly understood.	2.5
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	Furthermore, HRG-induced recruitment of GFP-cofilin to lamellipodia is impaired in Memo and in PLCgamma1 KD cells, suggesting that both proteins lie upstream of cofilin in models of ErbB2-driven tumor-cell migration.	2
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	While investigating signaling pathways involved in ErbB2-driven breast carcinoma cell migration, we have identified Memo, a protein that does not belong to any known family of signaling molecules, as a novel ErbB2 effector.	3
Memo is a protein that is co-precipitated with the C terminus of ErbB2, a protein involved in cell motility.	Memo mediates ErbB2-driven cell motility.	3
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	The C-terminus of Snf7 contains a motif that binds to the Bro1 domain of Bro1.	3
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	YPXnL-based late domains provide an elegant mechanism to support the release of viral buds because the Bro1 domain of ALIX directly binds to the SNF7 subunit of ESCRT-III.	2.5
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	We have found that Snf7 interacts with hydrophobic patch 1 on the middle of the filled-in concave side of the Bro1 domain.	5
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	As a positive control, we used Snf7, which binds directly to the 'Bro1 domain' of Bro1 (Figure 4A).	3.5
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on Bro1 that is required for protein complex formation and for the protein-sorting function of Bro1.	4
Snf7 binds to a conserved hydrophobic patch on the middle of the concave side of the Bro1 domain.	Given the endosomal localization of Bro1 domain proteins Alix and Rim20, inferences from previous deletion analyses of Alix and Rim20, and the conservation of most residues in the surface identified as the Bro1 binding site for Snf7, it is reasonable to infer that the Bro1 domain is a conserved ESCRT-III targeting domain.	2.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	Given the endosomal localization of Bro1 domain proteins Alix and Rim20, inferences from previous deletion analyses of Alix and Rim20, and the conservation of most residues in the surface identified as the Bro1 binding site for Snf7, it is reasonable to infer that the Bro1 domain is a conserved ESCRT-III targeting domain.	1.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	YPXnL late domains bind to one arm of the V domain of ALIX with ~5 muM affinity.	4.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	This effect of ALIX depends on the interaction between its central V domain and the LYPxnL motif in HIV-1 p6, confirming that this motif constitutes a functional L domain.	4.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	Botton, the YPX3L motif (stick model) of HIV-1 bound to the V domain of ALIX (2R02).	3
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	(A) Schematic illustration of the Delta8-87/Delta126-277(Y36s) minimal Gag molecule, which lacks the globular domain of MA, the N-terminal domain of CA, and the binding site for the V domain of ALIX.	1.5
In the case of Alix, the V-domain contains a binding site for the retroviral late assembly (L) domain YPXnL motif, which is partially conserved in the superfamily.	YPXnL-based late domains provide an elegant mechanism to support the release of viral buds because the Bro1 domain of ALIX directly binds to the SNF7 subunit of ESCRT-III.	3
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	ALIX consists of a boomerang-shaped N-terminal Bro1 domain, a central ligand binding domain that is shaped like a V, and a C-terminal proline-rich region.	2.5
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Doa4 is a ubiquitin-specific protease in Saccharomyces cerevisiae that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies (MVBs).	3
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Collectively, these data show that in wild-type cells, Bro1, through its C-terminal PRD, plays an essential role in Doa4 recruitment to the endosomal membrane, thereby enabling it to catalyze deubiquitination late in the MVB sorting pathway and to recycle ubiquitin.	4
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Multivesicular bodies are late endosomal compartments containing lumenal vesicles that are formed by inward budding of the limiting endosomal membrane.	1
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Multivesicular bodies (MVBs) are late endosomes containing lumenal vesicles formed by invagination of the limiting endosomal membrane.	1.5
The C-terminal portion (V-domain and proline rich-region) of Bro1 interacts with Doa4, a protease that deubiquitinates integral membrane proteins sorted into the lumenal vesicles of late-endosomal multivesicular bodies.	Bro1 acts as a modular scaffold: the N-terminal Bro1 domain interacts with Snf7 and tethers Bro1 to the endosome, where its C-terminal region recruits the ubiquitin protease Doa4 in proximity to ubiquitinated multivesicular body cargo.	4
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	In contrast to the diversity in structure, sequence, and specificity of MIT domains, the Bro1 domain family is well conserved and has only one known ESCRT-III interaction partner, Snf7.	2
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	ALIX consists of a boomerang-shaped N-terminal Bro1 domain, a central ligand binding domain that is shaped like a V, and a C-terminal proline-rich region.	3
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	The structure resembles a boomerang with its concave face filled in and contains a triple tetratricopeptide repeat domain as a substructure.	5
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	The Bro1 TPR domain substructure contains three pairs of alpha helices (alpha5 and alpha6; alpha7 and alpha8; and alpha9 and alpha10) that correspond structurally to three TPR repeats.	4
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	Thus, the ability to assist in VLP production may be an intrinsic property of the boomerang-shaped Bro1 domain.	4
Bro1-like domains are boomerang-shaped, and part of the domain is a tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR)-like structure.	Taking a consensus of various alignments, the substructure of the Bro1 domain comprising residues 118-316 can be considered a TPR domain.	4.5
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	The Bro1 PSVF motif interacts with the Doa4 YPxL motif.	4
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Alignment of the UBPY and Doa4 catalytic domain sequences positions the YPxL motif of Doa4 adjacent to helix 12 of UBPY, raising the possibility that binding of Bro1 to this site induces a structural rearrangement that provides the catalytic site of Doa4 access to ubiquitinated MVB cargoes.	4
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Enzymatic activation of Doa4 occurs through binding of a conserved proline-based sequence located near the C terminus of Bro1 to a YPxL motif in Doa4.	4
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Addition of His6-Bro1388-844 to the reaction dramatically enhanced the rate of hydrolysis, but this stimulatory effect was lost when the PSVF sequence in Bro1 was mutated (Figure 7A), confirming that this motif is essential for binding to the Doa4 catalytic domain and stimulation of deubiquitination.	4
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	Consistent with this region of Bro1 binding to the YPxL motif in Doa4, cells expressing the bro1PSVF-AAAA allele were defective in deubiquitination and sorting of CPS (Figure 6C and D) and contained a predominance of small lumenal MVB vesicles (Supplementary Figure S4A and Supplementary Video S9).	3.5
It interacts with a YPxL motif in the Doa4 catalytic domain to stimulate its deubiquitination activity.	The Doa4 YPxL motif is necessary for cargo sorting and deubiquitination.	3.5
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	Prior studies with Saccharomyces cerevisiae indicate that its two Bro1 domain proteins, membrane trafficking component Bro1 and alkaline pH signaling protein Rim20, require Snf7 interaction and endosomal localization for function.	3
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	We now report that Brox, a Bro1 domain-only protein, is also capable of interacting with HIV-1 NC, as are the isolated Bro1 domains of HD-PTP and of RPH1.	2.5
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	Alix and Bro1 have in common a conserved N-terminal domain (the "Bro1 domain") that is also conserved in other proteins known to associate with endosomes, including the fungal Rim20/PalA proteins involved in activation of the transcription factors Rim101/PacC in the pH response pathway.	3.5
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	The human proteome includes the Bro1 domain proteins ALIX, discussed above, and rhophilin, Brox, and HD-PTP.	3
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	We now show that the Bro1 domain-only protein Brox and the isolated Bro1 domains of HD-PTP and rhophilin all bind to HIV-1 NC.	3.5
It belongs to the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily which also includes the Bro1-like domains of mammalian Alix (apoptosis-linked gene-2 interacting protein X), His-Domain type N23 protein tyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP, also known as PTPN23), RhoA-binding proteins Rhophilin-1 and -2, Brox, Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rim20 (also known as PalA), Ustilago maydis Rim23 (also known as PalC), and related domains.	To obtain expression vectors for the Bro1 domains of His domain phosphotyrosine phosphatase (HD-PTP) and of rhophilin 1 (RPH1), HD-PTP codons 1 to 364 and RPH1 codons 104 to 501 with an N-terminal HA tag were amplified from BC089042 and BC025767, respectively.	3
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	However, we found that Brox is as potent as the isolated ALIX Bro1 domain in rescuing a minimal Gag construct that retains the PTAP L domain but lacks the binding site for the V domain of ALIX.	3
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	Given the endosomal localization of Bro1 domain proteins Alix and Rim20, inferences from previous deletion analyses of Alix and Rim20, and the conservation of most residues in the surface identified as the Bro1 binding site for Snf7, it is reasonable to infer that the Bro1 domain is a conserved ESCRT-III targeting domain.	2
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	This was somewhat expected, since two Bro1 homologues, yeast Rim20 and human Alix, have been shown to interact with Snf7 and Chmp4, respectively, via their conserved N-terminal Bro1 domains.	2
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	Among these, Bro1, Alix, and Rim20 are known to associate with late endosomes and with ESCRT-III.	2
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	Alix and Bro1 have in common a conserved N-terminal domain (the "Bro1 domain") that is also conserved in other proteins known to associate with endosomes, including the fungal Rim20/PalA proteins involved in activation of the transcription factors Rim101/PacC in the pH response pathway.	1.5
RIM20, and some other members of the BRO1-Alix-like superfamily including Alix, also have a V-shaped (V) domain.	Seventeen constructs from Bro1 and its homologs Alix, Rim20, Rhophilin, and HD-PTP were made and tested for expression of soluble and folded proteins.	2
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	In contrast to the diversity in structure, sequence, and specificity of MIT domains, the Bro1 domain family is well conserved and has only one known ESCRT-III interaction partner, Snf7.	4
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	Furthermore, recruitment of Bro1 to the endosome is dependent on Snf7, a component of the ESCRT-III complex.	4
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	The extended Bro1 domain is necessary and sufficient for binding to the ESCRT-III subunit Snf7 and for the recruitment of Bro1 to late endosomes.	5
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	The dissociation of Bro1 from endosomes requires another class E Vps protein, Vps4, which is an ATPase that also regulates the endosomal dissociation of ESCRT-III, a complex of four class E Vps proteins (Vps2, Vps20, Vps24 and Snf7/Vps32) that oligomerize at the endosomal membrane.	2.5
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	The results of previous genetic-epistasis studies indicate that Bro1 intervenes late in the MVB sorting pathway, downstream from the ESCRT-III complex component Snf7 and upstream from or in conjunction with the Doa4 deubiquitinating enzyme.	3.5
Bro1-like domains bind components of the ESCRT-III complex: Snf7 in the case of Bro1.	First, current knowledge, including the genetic-epistasis data concerning the bro1Delta and class E vps mutations, the requirement for Snf7 in recruitment of Bro1 to the endosome, and the fact that Bro1 is not needed for formation of the ESCRT-III complex at the endosome, are not consistent with an essential role of Bro1 in assembly of the core ESCRT machinery.	3.5
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	This property is not limited to ALIX but is found among three other Bro1 domain-containing proteins, rhophilin, HD-PTP, and Brox.	2
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	Pfam lists 54 proteins containing this domain including Bro1, Alix, Rim20, Rhophilin, the protein tyrosine phosphatase HD-PTP, and Xp95, and their orthologs.	2.5
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	The human proteome includes the Bro1 domain proteins ALIX, discussed above, and rhophilin, Brox, and HD-PTP.	3
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	The MVB sorting pathway depends on ESCRT-0, -I, -II, and -III protein complexes functioning on the endosomal membrane and on additional factors, such as Bro1/Alix and the ubiquitin ligase Rsp5/Nedd4.	3
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	Among these, Bro1, Alix, and Rim20 are known to associate with late endosomes and with ESCRT-III.	4
Alix, HD-PTP, Brox, Bro1, Rim20, and Rim23, interact with the ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complexes Required for Transport) system.	The Bro1 domain directs endosomal association through interaction with Snf7, a subunit of ESCRT-III (endosomal sorting complex required for transport).	3
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	ALIX has a tripartite domain structure consisting of an N-terminal Bro1 domain, a central V domain, and a flexible C-terminal proline-rich domain (PRD) (Fig. 7).	2.5
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	YPXnL late domains bind to one arm of the V domain of ALIX with ~5 muM affinity.	2.5
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	This effect of ALIX depends on the interaction between its central V domain and the LYPxnL motif in HIV-1 p6, confirming that this motif constitutes a functional L domain.	2.5
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	(A) Schematic illustration of the Delta8-87/Delta126-277(Y36s) minimal Gag molecule, which lacks the globular domain of MA, the N-terminal domain of CA, and the binding site for the V domain of ALIX.	2
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	In contrast, the isolated Bro1 domain of ALIX was inactive in the DeltaPTAP rescue assay, as expected since both the V domain and the C-terminal proline-rich domain of ALIX are required for its ability to rescue Tsg101 binding site mutants.	3
The Alix V-domain is also a dimerization domain.	However, we found that Brox is as potent as the isolated ALIX Bro1 domain in rescuing a minimal Gag construct that retains the PTAP L domain but lacks the binding site for the V domain of ALIX.	2.5
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	Split-Ubiquitin Two-Hybrid Assay To Analyze Protein-Protein Interactions at the Endosome: Application to Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 Interacting with ESCRT Complexes, the Doa4 Ubiquitin Hydrolase, and the Rsp5 Ubiquitin Ligase	2
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	We recently reported that HIV-1 NC interacts with the N-terminal Bro1 domain of ALIX.	2
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	Bro1 contains a conserved N-terminal "Bro1 domain", two central coiled-coil domains, and a conserved C-terminal PRD, mostly absent from the Bro1DeltaPRD/Npi3 variant.	3.5
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	We show that Bro1 interacts with ESCRT-I and -III components, including Vps23, the Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologue of human Tsg101.	2.5
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	Bro1, the Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologue of Alix, is required for normal MVB sorting of both biosynthetic and endocytic cargo proteins.	2.5
This family contains the N-terminal, Bro1-like domain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Bro1 and related proteins.	Bro1 is an endosome-associated protein that functions in the MVB pathway in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.	2.5
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	Therefore, Doa4 is not required for the endosomal localization of Bro1.	4
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	Structural Basis for Endosomal Targeting by the Bro1 Domain	3.5
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	We find that the Bro1 domain is necessary and sufficient for the endosomal localization of Bro1 and is responsible for its interaction with Snf7.	4
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	We further demonstrate that Doa4 interacts with Bro1 on endosomal membranes and that the recruitment of Doa4 to endosomes requires Bro1.	3.5
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	Recruitment of Bro1 to the endosomal membrane was shown to depend on Snf7 (ESCRT-III).	3.5
Bro1 participates in endosomal trafficking.	Thus, besides its role in endosomal recruitment of Doa4, Bro1 appears to perform another function that is essential to MVB sorting of cargo proteins, whether they require Doa4 or not.	3.5
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	The protein comprises two functional domains: a hydrolase domain that removes a formyl group from 10-formyltetrahydrofolate and a NADP(+)-dependent dehydrogenase domain that reduces the formyl to carbon dioxide.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	We propose a catalytic mechanism for the hydrolase reaction in which Asp-142 polarizes the catalytic water molecule and His-106 orients the carbonyl group of formyl.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	Formyl-FH4 hydrolase, a hexamer with 32-kDa subunits, is activated by methionine and inhibited by glycine.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	The enzyme catalyzes the hydrolysis of 10-formyltetrahydrofolate (formyl-FH4) to FH4 and formate.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	Crystal structure of methionyl-tRNAfMet transformylase complexed with the initiator formyl-methionyl-tRNAfMet.	1
Formyl transferase catalytic core domain found in a group of proteins with unknown functions.	Raetz and coworkers have recently shown that the ArnC transferase is specific for UDP-Ara4FN in vitro.	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	We propose a catalytic mechanism for the hydrolase reaction in which Asp-142 polarizes the catalytic water molecule and His-106 orients the carbonyl group of formyl.	1.5
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	Mutagenesis data showed that ArnA-TF utilizes a GARF-like mechanism of formyl transfer relying on residues N102, H104, and D140 to catalyze the reaction.	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	The protein comprises two functional domains: a hydrolase domain that removes a formyl group from 10-formyltetrahydrofolate and a NADP(+)-dependent dehydrogenase domain that reduces the formyl to carbon dioxide.	1.5
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	Crystal structure of methionyl-tRNAfMet transformylase complexed with the initiator formyl-methionyl-tRNAfMet.	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	Formyl-FH4 hydrolase, a hexamer with 32-kDa subunits, is activated by methionine and inhibited by glycine.	1
Formyl transferase catalyzes the transfer of one-carbon groups, specifically the formyl- or hydroxymethyl- group.	Formyl transfer from N10-formyltetrahydrofolate to UDP-Ar4N is catalyzed by the N-terminal transformylase domain of ArnA.	1
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	The activity of the mutants was compared to the wild-type ArnA-DH domain by using a spectrophotometric assay under conditions that are saturating for the wild-type enzyme (see legend in Table 2).	1
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	The ligand-free structure of the ArnA dehydrogenase domain (ArnA-DH) confirmed the enzyme as a member of the short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase (SDR) family.	1
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	As expected, domain 1 shares the same Rossmann fold as the related enzymes, methionyl-tRNA-formyltransferase and glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase, but, unexpectedly, the structural similarity between the amino-terminal domain of 10-formyltetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase and methionyl-tRNA-formyltransferase extends to the C terminus of both proteins.	2.5
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	While it is possible that the mutations affect the affinity of the enzyme for the UDP-GlcA, the following lines of evidence support a catalytic role for the residues: (i) the activity measurements were carried out at concentrations of substrates that are saturating for the wild-type enzyme ([UDP-GlcA] = 1 mM, more than 15-fold its apparent Km of 54 microM); (ii) increasing the UDP-GlcA concentrations 5-fold had no effect on the activity of the S433A mutant and only a minor effect in t***shortened***	1
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	The structure also provides clues as to how, in the native enzyme, the hydrolase domain transfers its product to the dehydrogenase domain.	1
This domain contains a Rossmann fold and it is the catalytic domain of the enzyme.	The N-terminal domain contains a Rossmann type mononucleotide fold with a phosphate ion bound to the C-terminal end of the first beta-strand.	2.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Membrane targeting strategies employed by multi-domain RGS proteins.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Three members of the RGS (regulator of G-protein signalling) superfamily RGS2, RGS4 and RGS5 have been implicated in the attenuation of G-protein signalling pathways in vascular and cardiac myocytes, as well as cells of the kidney and autonomic nervous system.	3.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	In other cases, RGS proteins integrate G proteins with signaling pathways linked to such diverse cellular responses as cell growth and differentiation, cell motility, and intracellular trafficking.	4
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Together, findings from the studies described herein suggest that development of methods to modulate the expression and function of RGS proteins may be a possible strategy for the treatment and prevention of hypertension and cardiovascular disease.	2
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Several recent findings as to the functions of these multi-domain RGS proteins are described below.	1.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Mammalian RGS proteins: multifunctional regulators of cellular signalling.	3
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	Many family members also directly link G proteins to a growing list of signaling proteins with diverse cellular roles.	3.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	Cellular regulation of RGS proteins: modulators and integrators of G protein signaling.	2.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	The discovery of the RGS proteins and their GTPase-accelerating (or "GAP") activity on Galpha subunits not only resolved apparent timing paradoxes between known 7TM-receptor-mediated physiological responses and the activity in vitro of the responsible G-proteins (e.g.,), but in addition, novel functional domains discovered within members of the RGS protein superfamily (Fig. 2) have helped to reveal hitherto unappreciated roles for Galpha subunits in cellular processes outside the real***shortened***	1.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	High BP is often associated with increased signalling via G-protein-coupled receptors.	1.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	Regulators of G protein signaling (RGS) and RGS-like proteins are a family (>30 members) of highly diverse, multifunctional signaling proteins that bind directly to activated G alpha subunits.	3.5
They are a diverse group of multifunctional proteins that regulate cellular signaling events downstream of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).	These new roles include the RGS-box-containing, RhoA-specific guanine nucleotide exchange factors (RGS-RhoGEFs) that serve as Galpha effectors to couple 7TM and semaphorin receptor signaling to RhoA activation, the potential for RGS12 to serve as a nexus for signaling from tyrosine kinases and G-proteins of both the Galpha and Ras-superfamilies, the potential for R7-subfamily RGS proteins to couple Galpha subunits to 7TM receptors in the absence of conventional Gbetagamma dimers, and ***shortened***	2.5
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	Thirty-seven proteins containing at least one region of homology to the archetypal RGS domain fold are encoded by the human genome, broadly classified into eight subfamilies.	1
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	The biochemical importance of all-helical domain contacts with the RGS domain in engendering Galpha selectivity has been demonstrated for the RGS9/transducin interaction.	1.5
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	The R4 (RGS1, -2, -3, -4, -5, -8, -13, -16, -18, -21) and RZ (RGS17, -19, -20) subfamilies generally constitute little more than an RGS domain, although roles for short N-terminal extensions in membrane-targeting and receptor-selective functions have been described.	1
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	GAP activity is conferred by an RGS domain present in one or more copies within members of this protein superfamily.	2.5
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	Heterogeneity in RGS-domain interactions with the Galpha all-helical domain.	1.5
RGS22 contains at least 3 copies of the RGS domain in vertebrata and exists in multiple splicing variants.	The mechanism whereby RGS-RhoGEF signaling specificity is engendered in PC-3 cells remains unknown, but might entail direct 7TM receptor tail/PDZ domain interactions.	1
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	Thus, initial findings from both Drosophila and C. elegans genetics suggest that Galpha subunits and novel regulators of their guanine nucleotide cycle play critical and evolutionarily-conserved roles in establishing appropriate astral MT force on the mitotic spindle for proper chromosomal segregation.	1
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	As our understanding of RGS protein structure and function has developed, so has the realisation that they play roles beyond G-protein regulation.	1.5
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	Recognition of the central functions these proteins play in vital cellular processes has focused our attention on RGS proteins as exciting new candidates for therapeutic intervention and drug development.	1.5
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	These and other recent studies with animal model systems indicate that RGS proteins play important roles in both physiology and disease.	1.5
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	However, the role of the RGS-box in LARG/PDZ-RhoGEF signaling to RhoA activation via these latter, non-7TM receptors remains ill-defined.	1.5
RGS22 is predominantly expressed in testis and believed to play an important role in spermatogenesis.	Forward genetic studies in Drosophila and, especially, C. elegans (Fig. 10A) have pointed to a critical role in metazoans for Gi-family Galpha subunits and their regulators in controlling force generation on astral MTs during chromosomal segregation.	1
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	In 1996, we were the first group to identify an N-terminal RGS-box within each member of the G protein-coupled receptor kinase family (known as the GRK- or G-subfamily in the context of the RGS protein superfamily).	1
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	Cellular regulation of RGS proteins: modulators and integrators of G protein signaling.	1.5
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	Three members of the RGS (regulator of G-protein signalling) superfamily RGS2, RGS4 and RGS5 have been implicated in the attenuation of G-protein signalling pathways in vascular and cardiac myocytes, as well as cells of the kidney and autonomic nervous system.	1.5
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	Regulator of G protein signaling (RGS) proteins accelerate GTP hydrolysis by Galpha subunits and thus facilitate termination of signaling initiated by G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs).	1.5
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	In 1996, we and others identified a superfamily of "regulator of G-protein signaling" (RGS) proteins that accelerate the rate of GTP hydrolysis by Galpha subunits (dubbed GTPase-accelerating protein or "GAP" activity).	1
The RGS (Regulator of G-protein Signaling) domain found in the RGS22 protein, a member of the RA/RGS subfamily of the RGS protein family.	Axin and Axin2 (a.k.a. Axil) are negative regulators of the Wnt signaling pathway and comprise the RA- or E-subfamily; neither protein has been shown to interact with Galpha subunits, but rather interact with the tumor suppressor protein adenomatous polyposis coli (APC) using the RGS-box.	1
subunits.	However, RGS20 also regulates Galphai subunits in cell-expression studies.	1
subunits.	Here we report that RGS (for regulator of G-protein signalling) proteins are GAPs for G alpha subunits.	1
subunits.	RGS family members: GTPase-activating proteins for heterotrimeric G-protein alpha-subunits.	1
subunits.	Indeed, this would be consistent with the findings of Tall et al. that rat Ric-8A cannot operate on Gbetagamma-complexed Galpha subunits.	1
subunits.	It is believed that RIC-8 may represent a novel, receptor-independent guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) for Galpha subunits.	1
subunits.	Regulators of G protein signaling are GTPase-accelerating proteins (GAPs) for Galpha subunits and thus facilitate GPCR signal termination.	1
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Several recent findings as to the functions of these multi-domain RGS proteins are described below.	2
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Membrane targeting strategies employed by multi-domain RGS proteins.	2
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	In other cases, RGS proteins integrate G proteins with signaling pathways linked to such diverse cellular responses as cell growth and differentiation, cell motility, and intracellular trafficking.	4
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Together, findings from the studies described herein suggest that development of methods to modulate the expression and function of RGS proteins may be a possible strategy for the treatment and prevention of hypertension and cardiovascular disease.	3
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Recognition of the central functions these proteins play in vital cellular processes has focused our attention on RGS proteins as exciting new candidates for therapeutic intervention and drug development.	2.5
RGS proteins regulate many aspects of embryonic development such as glial differentiation, embryonic axis formation, skeletal and muscle development, cell migration during early embryogenesis, as well as apoptosis, cell proliferation, and modulation of cardiac development.	Mammalian RGS proteins: multifunctional regulators of cellular signalling.	3
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	Novel studies have revealed a phosphorylation-independent desensitization mechanism operating through their RGS-homology (RH) domain and the recent determination of the crystal structures of GRK2 and GRK6 has uncovered interesting details on the structure-function relationships of these kinases.	2
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	Membrane-bound GPSM1 did not affect receptor coupling, but adding soluble GPSM1 protein to the membrane preparation attenuated high affinity agonist binding.	1
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	However, repeated applications of the D2-receptor agonist quinpirole produced progressive uncoupling of receptor and effector (e.g., Fig. 7B).	1
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	At least for the retinal-specific R7 RGS protein RGS9-1, a membrane-associated binding partner has been identified for the DEP domain: "RGS9anchor protein" or R9AP.	1
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	However, recent work has indicated roles for the other, non-visual GRKs (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6) and has revealed potential phosphorylation-independent regulation of GPCRs by GRK2 and GRK3.	2.5
These specific interactions could help to maintain a membrane-bound population of GRK2 prior to the agonist-dependent overt GRK2 translocation.	(D) The transmembrane receptor Plexin-B1 couples binding of the membrane-bound semaphorin Sema4D to RhoA activation via an interaction with the PDZ domain of PDZ-RhoGEF (and of the related RGS-RhoGEF LARG).	1
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	In 1996, we were the first group to identify an N-terminal RGS-box within each member of the G protein-coupled receptor kinase family (known as the GRK- or G-subfamily in the context of the RGS protein superfamily).	4
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	The major GPCR regulatory pathway involves phosphorylation of activated receptors by G protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRKs), followed by binding of arrestin proteins, which prevent receptors from activating downstream heterotrimeric G protein pathways while allowing activation of arrestin-dependent signaling pathways.	2.5
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	Novel studies have revealed a phosphorylation-independent desensitization mechanism operating through their RGS-homology (RH) domain and the recent determination of the crystal structures of GRK2 and GRK6 has uncovered interesting details on the structure-function relationships of these kinases.	3.5
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	G protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRKs) and arrestins are key participants in the canonical pathways leading to phosphorylation-dependent GPCR desensitization, endocytosis, intracellular trafficking and resensitization as well as in the modulation of important intracellular signaling cascades by GPCR.	2.5
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	Physiological roles of G protein-coupled receptor kinases and arrestins.	2
The RGS domain is an essential part of the GRK2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinases 2) and the GRK3 proteins, which are members of the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily.	In contrast, the three members of the F/GEF subfamily of RGS proteins (Figs. 2&3), p115-RhoGEF, PDZ-RhoGEF, and leukemia-associated RhoGEF (LARG), represent positive regulators of 7TM receptor signaling - specifically, as true effectors that couple Galphaq, Galpha12, and/or Galpha13 subunits to activation of the GTPase RhoA.	1.5
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	(B) The PDZ domain of RGS12 is able to bind the C-terminus of the IL-8 receptor CXCR2 (at least in vitro).	1
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	All SPR binding experiments were conducted by using a Biacore 3000 biosensor (GE Healthcare) after equilibrating the sensor surfaces, pump, and fluidic systems with 10 mM Hepes (pH 7.4), 150 mM NaCl, 6 mM MgCl2, 0.05% (vol/vol) Nonidet P-40, and either GDP (100 muM) or GDP AlF4- (100 muM GDP, 20 mM NaF, 30 muM AlCl3).	1
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	(D) The transmembrane receptor Plexin-B1 couples binding of the membrane-bound semaphorin Sema4D to RhoA activation via an interaction with the PDZ domain of PDZ-RhoGEF (and of the related RGS-RhoGEF LARG).	1
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	All three proteins possess an RGS-box N-terminal to DH (Dbl-homology) and PH (pleckstrin-homology) domains that, as a tandem, are responsible for catalyzing guanine nucleotide exchange necessary to convert inactive RhoA GDP into active RhoA GTP.	2.5
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	Novel studies have revealed a phosphorylation-independent desensitization mechanism operating through their RGS-homology (RH) domain and the recent determination of the crystal structures of GRK2 and GRK6 has uncovered interesting details on the structure-function relationships of these kinases.	2
The C-terminus of GRK2 and 3 contains a plekstrin homology domain (PH) with binding sites for the membrane phospholipid PIP2 and free G#?	A second subset of GoLoco proteins, consisting of the G-protein signaling modulator protein GPSM1 (formerly AGS3), GPSM2 (formerly LGN), and the Drosophila ortholog Partner of Inscuteable (Pins/Rapsynoid), all contain a tandem array of three to four GoLoco motifs at their C-terminus, along with an N-terminal region of multiple tetratricopeptide repeats (TPRs; Fig. 5A).	1
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	Novel studies have revealed a phosphorylation-independent desensitization mechanism operating through their RGS-homology (RH) domain and the recent determination of the crystal structures of GRK2 and GRK6 has uncovered interesting details on the structure-function relationships of these kinases.	2.5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	The other four subfamilies are signaling regulators that have since become associated with the RGS protein superfamily upon discovery of more distantly related RGS domains within them (i.e., Axin, Axil; RhoGEFs p115-RhoGEF, LARG, and PDZ-RhoGEF; the sorting nexins SNX13, -14, and -25; the GPCR kinases GRK1-7).	1.5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	G-protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRKs) comprise a family of seven mammalian serine/threonine protein kinases that phosphorylate and regulate agonist-occupied or constitutively active G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs).	3.5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	In 1996, we were the first group to identify an N-terminal RGS-box within each member of the G protein-coupled receptor kinase family (known as the GRK- or G-subfamily in the context of the RGS protein superfamily).	2
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	In contrast, the three members of the F/GEF subfamily of RGS proteins (Figs. 2&3), p115-RhoGEF, PDZ-RhoGEF, and leukemia-associated RhoGEF (LARG), represent positive regulators of 7TM receptor signaling - specifically, as true effectors that couple Galphaq, Galpha12, and/or Galpha13 subunits to activation of the GTPase RhoA.	1.5
GRK2 and GRK3 are members of the GRK kinase family which includes three major subfamilies: the GRK4 subfamily (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6), the rhodopsin kinase or visual GRK subfamily (GRK1 and GRK7), and the beta-adrenergic receptor kinases subfamily (GRK2/GRK3).	The G protein-coupled receptor kinase (GRK) interactome: role of GRKs in GPCR regulation and signaling.	2.5
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	The RGS domains within the RhoGEF and GPCR kinase subfamilies have also been referred to as rgRGS or RH domains, respectively.	2
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	Before our studies, structures of four RGS protein/Galpha complexes had been determined: canonical complexes of RGS4/Galphai1 and RGS9/Galphat/i1, as well as the atypical RGS domain/Galpha pairings of p115-RhoGEF/Galpha13/i1 and GRK2/Galphaq.	2
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	The G protein-coupled receptor kinase (GRK) interactome: role of GRKs in GPCR regulation and signaling.	3
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	Thus, a major determinant of the duration and magnitude of GPCR signaling is the lifetime of Galpha in the GTP-bound state.	2
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	Studies of the details and consequences of these mechanisms have focused heavily on the original beta-adrenoceptor kinase (beta-ARK) family (GRK2 and GRK3) and, in particular, on phosphorylation-dependent recruitment of adaptor proteins such as the beta-arrestins.	3.5
GRK2 and GRK3 are ubiquitously expressed and can phosphorylate many different GPCR.	However, recent work has indicated roles for the other, non-visual GRKs (GRK4, GRK5 and GRK6) and has revealed potential phosphorylation-independent regulation of GPCRs by GRK2 and GRK3.	4.5
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	Before our studies, structures of four RGS protein/Galpha complexes had been determined: canonical complexes of RGS4/Galphai1 and RGS9/Galphat/i1, as well as the atypical RGS domain/Galpha pairings of p115-RhoGEF/Galpha13/i1 and GRK2/Galphaq.	3
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	Novel studies have revealed a phosphorylation-independent desensitization mechanism operating through their RGS-homology (RH) domain and the recent determination of the crystal structures of GRK2 and GRK6 has uncovered interesting details on the structure-function relationships of these kinases.	3
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	(A) The R7 RGS proteins form obligate heterodimers with Gbeta5 via a Ggamma-like sequence (the "GGL" domain) N-terminal to the RGS-box.	2
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	Membrane targeting strategies employed by multi-domain RGS proteins.	2
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	Thirty-seven proteins containing at least one region of homology to the archetypal RGS domain fold are encoded by the human genome, broadly classified into eight subfamilies.	2.5
The RGS domain of the GRKs has very little sequence similarity with the canonical RGS domain of the RGS proteins and therefore is often refered to as the RH (RGS Homology) domain.	Heterogeneity in the alphaV-alphaVII regions of R12 subfamily RGS domains versus the canonical RGS domain fold of R4, R7, and RZ subfamily members.	2.5
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	It is generally assumed that two enzymes are involved in the hydrolysis of the N-terminal part of the proteins.	1
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	Aminoacylase 1 (ACY1; EC 3.5.14) is the most abundant of the aminoacylases, a class of enzymes involved in hydrolysis of N-acetylated proteins.	1
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	In this review, the processes involved in alpha- and epsilon-acetylation and the catabolism of endogenous proteins and proteins involved in food processing are discussed.	3
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in protection and stability of proteins (Polevoda and Sherman).	5
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	The N-terminal blocking of proteins occurs in a wide range of eukariotic cells, where more than 50% of the cytosolic proteins can be N-alpha-acetylated.	3.5
N-terminal acetylation of proteins is a widespread and highly conserved process that is involved in the protection and stability of proteins.	The acetylation which occurs during or after the biosynthesis of the polypeptide chains serves to protect the intracellular proteins from proteolysis.	4
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	Because ACY1 is evolutionarily conserved in fish, frog, mouse, and human and is expressed in the central nervous system (CNS) in human, a role in CNS function or development is conceivable but has yet to be demonstrated.	3
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	Our finding of ACY1 expression in the kidney, which is consistent with previous observations (Cook et al.; Lindner et al.), is also in line with a possible functional role of ACY1 in recycling of N-acetylated amino acids in the kidney, which can explain the highly elevated concentrations of N-acetylated amino acids in the urine of the four children harboring ACY1 mutations.	3
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	Thus, in the case of severe dietary protein restriction, ACY1 dysfunction might contribute to reduced availability of amino acids due to impaired amino acid salvage.	1.5
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	However, the protein sequence of ACY1 is conserved between fish, frog, mouse, rat, and human, supporting an evolutionary conserved role in physiology.	2
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	Both missense mutations (E233D and R353C) predict the substitution of amino acid residues located in the large peptidase domain (fig. 4) that has been evolutionary conserved in Mus musculus (mouse), Rattus norvegicus (rat), Xenopus laevis (frog), and Danio rerio (fish).	1
Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	The expression pattern of the human ACY1 gene was determined using human multiple-tissue northern blots (fig. 5).	1
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	Reinterpretation of the structure of a monomeric homolog, peptidase V, reveals that a domain insertion mimics dimerization.	1
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	The aminoacylase-1/metallopeptidase 20 (Acy1/M20) family is the largest metallopeptidase family.	2.5
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	Clinical histories and findings, as well as family histories, of patients with increased excretion of urine metabolites suggestive of defective aminoacylase 1 function were obtained from medical records.	1
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	Most parts of the orthologous proteins are highly conserved between species and predict a large peptidase domain, which includes a central peptidase dimerization region.	1
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	Structure comparison of the dinuclear zinc center in a mutant of hAcy1 reported here with dizinc centers in related enzymes points to a difference in zinc ligation in the Acy1/M20 family.	2.5
Peptidase M20 family, Aminoacyclase-1 YxeP-like subfamily including YxeP, YtnL, YjiB and HipO2, most of which have not been well characterized to date.	Members of the aminoacylase-1 (Acy1)/M20 family of aminoacylases and exopeptidases exist as either monomers or homodimers.	2.5
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	They were identified through organic acid analyses using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, revealing increased urinary excretion of several N-acetylated amino acids, including the derivatives of methionine, glutamic acid, alanine, leucine, glycine, valine, and isoleucine.	1
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	N-acetylated amino acids can be released by an N-acylpeptide hydrolase from peptides generated by proteolytic degradation (Perrier et al.).	1.5
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	GC-MS analysis identified four individuals with a pattern of urinary organic acids dominated by high signals of several N-acetylated amino acids, including derivatives of methionine, glutamic acid, alanine, valine, glycine, leucine, and isoleucine (fig. 1).	1
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	Preferred substrates of ACY1 are aliphatic amino acids with a short-chain acyl moiety, especially N-acetyl-methionine (Birnbaum et al.).	2.5
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	Organic acids, including N-acetylated amino acids, were determined by GC-MS following liquid extraction from urine and derivatization with diazomethane, as is done on a daily basis for the identification of individuals with inborn errors of metabolism (Lehnert).	1
Several types of aminoacylases can be distinguished on the basis of substrate specificity; substrates include indoleacetic acid (IAA) N-conjugates of amino acids, N-acetyl-L-amino acids and aminobenzoylglutamate.	Our finding of ACY1 expression in the kidney, which is consistent with previous observations (Cook et al.; Lindner et al.), is also in line with a possible functional role of ACY1 in recycling of N-acetylated amino acids in the kidney, which can explain the highly elevated concentrations of N-acetylated amino acids in the urine of the four children harboring ACY1 mutations.	1
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	Molecular analysis detected ACY1 mutations in all four individuals with an increased urinary excretion of N-acetylated amino acids suggestive of ACY1 dysfunction (fig. 3).	1.5
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	Here, we report on four children who were found to excrete significant amounts of distinct N-acetylated amino acids, including the derivatives of methionine, glutamine, alanine, leucine, glycine, valine, and isoleucine, as determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) analysis for organic acids.	1.5
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	One of these was identified as aminoacylase 1 (Acy1), a metalloenzyme that removes amide-linked acyl groups from amino acids and may play a role in regulating responses to oxidative stress.	3.5
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	They were identified through organic acid analyses using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, revealing increased urinary excretion of several N-acetylated amino acids, including the derivatives of methionine, glutamic acid, alanine, leucine, glycine, valine, and isoleucine.	1.5
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	We conclude that ACY1 mutations in these children led to functional ACY1 deficiency and excretion of N-acetylated amino acids.	1.5
ACY1 breaks down cytosolic aliphatic N-acyl-alpha-amino acids (except L-aspartate), especially N-acetyl-methionine and acetyl-glutamate into L-amino acids and an acyl group.	Aminoacylase 1 (ACY1; EC 3.5.1.14), the most abundant type, is a soluble homodimeric zinc-binding enzyme that catalyzes the formation of free aliphatic amino acids from N-acetylated precursors (fig. 1).	4
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	ACY1 may also have functions beyond the deacylation of amino acids.	3
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	The characteristic pattern of N-acetylated amino acids initially found by GC-MS was corroborated by NMR spectroscopy of all four patients' urine samples (table 1).	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	N-acetylated amino acids can be released by an N-acylpeptide hydrolase from peptides generated by proteolytic degradation (Perrier et al.).	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	We conclude that ACY1 mutations in these children led to functional ACY1 deficiency and excretion of N-acetylated amino acids.	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	Molecular analysis detected ACY1 mutations in all four individuals with an increased urinary excretion of N-acetylated amino acids suggestive of ACY1 dysfunction (fig. 3).	1
However, ACY1 can also catalyze the reverse reaction, the synthesis of acetylated amino acids.	Aminoacylase 1 (ACY1; EC 3.5.1.14), the most abundant type, is a soluble homodimeric zinc-binding enzyme that catalyzes the formation of free aliphatic amino acids from N-acetylated precursors (fig. 1).	1
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Interestingly, Acy1 induces redistribution of SphK1 as observed by immunocytochemistry and subcellular fractionation.	2.5
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Human multiple-tissue northern blots (BioChain Institute and BD Biosciences) were hybridized overnight at 63.5 C in Church buffer (500 mM phosphate buffer pH 7.2, 7% SDS [w/v], and 1 mM EDTA supplemented with 100 mug/ml salmon sperm DNA).	1
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Though both C-terminal and full-length proteins slightly reduce SphK1 activity measured in vitro, the C-terminal fragment inhibits while full-length Acy1 potentiates the effects of SphK1 on proliferation and apoptosis.	4
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Enzyme assays confirmed ACY1 deficiency in cells of individuals with N-acetylamino aciduria.	1
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	4
ACY1 appears to physically interact with Sphingosine kinase type 1 (SphK1) and may influence its physiological functions; SphK1 and its product sphingosine	1	phosphate have been shown to promote cell growth and inhibit apoptosis of tumor cells.	Aminoacylase 1 is a sphingosine kinase 1-interacting protein.	3.5
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Our finding of ACY1 expression in the kidney, which is consistent with previous observations (Cook et al.; Lindner et al.), is also in line with a possible functional role of ACY1 in recycling of N-acetylated amino acids in the kidney, which can explain the highly elevated concentrations of N-acetylated amino acids in the urine of the four children harboring ACY1 mutations.	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Strong expression of the human gene and its mouse ortholog Acy1 in brain, liver, and kidney suggest a role of the enzyme in amino acid metabolism of these organs.	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	They were identified through organic acid analyses using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, revealing increased urinary excretion of several N-acetylated amino acids, including the derivatives of methionine, glutamic acid, alanine, leucine, glycine, valine, and isoleucine.	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Preferred substrates of ACY1 are aliphatic amino acids with a short-chain acyl moiety, especially N-acetyl-methionine (Birnbaum et al.).	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Thus, in the case of severe dietary protein restriction, ACY1 dysfunction might contribute to reduced availability of amino acids due to impaired amino acid salvage.	1
ACY1 may also play a role in xenobiotic bioactivation as well as in the inter-organ processing of amino acid-conjugated xenobiotic derivatives (S-substituted-N-acetyl-L-cysteine).	Although deficiency of aminoacylase 2 (ACY2, aspartoacylase; EC 3.5.1.15), which catalyzes the hydrolysis of N-acetyl-aspartate to aspartate and acetate, causes Canavan disease (MIM 271900) (Kaul et al.; Baslow and Resnik), deficiency of ACY1 in humans has not been reported so far.	1
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	The C-terminal phosphotyrosine-binding site is very different from the equivalent region of ZAP-70, suggesting that in contrast to ZAP-70, the two SH2 domains of Syk can function as independent units.	3
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	While the mechanism of phosphotyrosine (pTyr) recognition is remarkably conserved among the SH2 domains, differences in recognition of phosphopeptide residues N and especially C-terminal to the pTyr have been identified that contribute to selectivity.	1.5
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	A recent survey found that the majority of the disease-causing missense mutations in SH2 domains affect functionally important amino acids (71%) either directly involved in ligand binding, or residues that mediate interactions with the catalytic domain.	1
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	Interestingly, the SH2 domains in Zap70 have accessible pTyr binding sites but high affinity binding to di-phosphorylated ITAM is disrupted due to incompatible domain orientation that disrupts the phosphotyrosine-binding pocket of the N-terminal SH2 domain.	3.5
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	CONCLUSIONS: Syk-C resembles other SH2 domains in its peptide-binding interactions and overall topology, a result that is consistent with its ability to function as an independent SH2 domain in vitro.	1
ZAP-70 forms two phosphotyrosine binding pockets, one of which is shared by both SH2 domains.	It has been shown that Jak function is independent of phosphotyrosine binding and it is assumed that the Jak SH2 domain plays a structural role rather than serving as a substrate recruitment module and its influence on Jak kinase activity is unknown.	1
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	The C-terminal phosphotyrosine-binding site is very different from the equivalent region of ZAP-70, suggesting that in contrast to ZAP-70, the two SH2 domains of Syk can function as independent units.	2
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	Structural basis for Syk tyrosine kinase ubiquity in signal transduction pathways revealed by the crystal structure of its regulatory SH2 domains bound to a dually phosphorylated ITAM peptide.	3.5
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	The asymmetric unit comprises six copies of the liganded protein, revealing a surprising flexibility in the relative orientation of the two SH2 domains.	3
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	CONCLUSIONS: Syk-C resembles other SH2 domains in its peptide-binding interactions and overall topology, a result that is consistent with its ability to function as an independent SH2 domain in vitro.	2.5
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	The conformational flexibility and structural independence of the SH2 modules of Syk likely provides the molecular basis for the more ubiquitous involvement of Syk in a variety of signal transduction pathways.	4
In addition, the two SH2 domains of Syk display flexibility in their relative orientation, allowing Syk to accommodate a greater variety of spacing sequences between the ITAM phosphotyrosines and singly phosphorylated non-classical ITAM ligands.	This family of kinases is characterized by the presence of two adjacent SH2 domains which mediate their localization to the membrane through receptor encoded tyrosine phosphorylated motifs.	3
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	RESULTS: The Syk-C:peptide structure is compared with liganded structures of both the SH2 domain of Src and the C-terminal SH2 domain of ZAP-70 (the 70 kDa zeta-associated protein).	1.5
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	While these two kinases share many structural and functional features, the more ubiquitous nature of Syk has suggested that this kinase may accommodate a greater variety of motifs to mediate its function.	1.5
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	In cytoplasmic tyrosine kinases the arrangement of an N-terminal SH2 domain followed by a kinase domain is highly conserved in all family members and probably evolved as an invariant signaling unit early in evolution with the occurrence of tyrosine phosphorylation.	1.5
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	In nonreceptor tyrosine kinases the conserved SH2-kinase unit is flanked by a number of additional domains which may comprise the N-terminal flanking region, a Src homology 3 (SH3) domain, a second SH2 domain, a sequence of PH-BTK-SH3 domains, a 'Four-point-one, Ezrin, Radixin, Moesin' (FERM) domain, or an F-BAR domain.	1.5
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	However, biochemical characterization showed that the presence of the SH2 domain is frequently required for catalytic activity, suggesting a crucial function stabilizing the active state of many nonreceptor tyrosine kinases.	1.5
ZAP-70 and Syk comprise a family of hematopoietic cell specific protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs) that are required for antigen and antibody receptor function.	In mast cells, Syk specifically associates with doubly phosphorylated immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs (ITAMs) that are found within the IgE receptor.	1.5
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	The remaining mutations are located outside the ligand-binding pocket and affect protein stability, resulting in reduced half-life of the mutated protein in cells.	1
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Both Syk SH2 (Src homology 2) domains are required for high-affinity binding to these motifs, but the C-terminal SH2 domain (Syk-C) can function independently and can bind, in isolation, to the tyrosine-phosphorylated IgE receptor in vitro.	1
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Mutations in the SH2 domain of this kinase cause X-linked agammaglobulinemia (XLA), a prototypical humoral immunodeficiency characterized by low levels of circulating B cells and a drastic reduction in serum concentrations of immunoglobulins.	1.5
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	(b) Domain organization in active Csk.	1
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	BACKGROUND: Recruitment of the intracellular tyrosine kinase Syk to activated immune-response receptors is a critical early step in intracellular signaling.	2.5
They are required for the proper development of T and B cells, immune receptors, and activating NK cells.	Recently a mutation in the SH2 domain of the Tec family member Itk has been linked to severe immune dysfunction and therapy-resistant Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-positive B cell proliferation.	1
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	SH2 domains represent the largest class of pTyr-selective recognition domains in the human proteome.	2.5
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	Structural basis for Syk tyrosine kinase ubiquity in signal transduction pathways revealed by the crystal structure of its regulatory SH2 domains bound to a dually phosphorylated ITAM peptide.	3
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	The conformational flexibility and structural independence of the SH2 modules of Syk likely provides the molecular basis for the more ubiquitous involvement of Syk in a variety of signal transduction pathways.	4.5
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	A recent survey found that the majority of the disease-causing missense mutations in SH2 domains affect functionally important amino acids (71%) either directly involved in ligand binding, or residues that mediate interactions with the catalytic domain.	2
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	The basis for SH2- phosphopeptide recognition is discussed in light of the available structural and biochemical data with a focus on recent information regarding SH2 domains within a new class found within the signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) protein family.	2.5
In general SH2 domains are involved in signal transduction.	SH2 domains: modulators of nonreceptor tyrosine kinase activity	2.5
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	This family of kinases is characterized by the presence of two adjacent SH2 domains which mediate their localization to the membrane through receptor encoded tyrosine phosphorylated motifs.	4
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	Interestingly, the SH2 domains in Zap70 have accessible pTyr binding sites but high affinity binding to di-phosphorylated ITAM is disrupted due to incompatible domain orientation that disrupts the phosphotyrosine-binding pocket of the N-terminal SH2 domain.	3
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	The selectivity of SH2 domains for their pTyr substrates has been investigated using directed phosphopeptide library screening and a large number of biophysical and biochemical studies.	3
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	Members of the SH2 domain family recognize a wide variety of short tyrosine phosphorylated peptide motifs.	3.5
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	While the mechanism of phosphotyrosine (pTyr) recognition is remarkably conserved among the SH2 domains, differences in recognition of phosphopeptide residues N and especially C-terminal to the pTyr have been identified that contribute to selectivity.	3.5
They typically bind pTyr-containing ligands via two surface pockets, a pTyr and hydrophobic binding pocket, allowing proteins with SH2 domains to localize to tyrosine phosphorylated sites.	Trp460 is part of the hydrophobic core of the SH2 domain and is not involved in pTyr binding.	2
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	CONCLUSIONS: Syk-C resembles other SH2 domains in its peptide-binding interactions and overall topology, a result that is consistent with its ability to function as an independent SH2 domain in vitro.	2.5
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	We present the crystal structure of the tandem SH2 domain of Syk complexed with a dually phosphorylated ITAM peptide.	2.5
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	These structural features can be exploited for the design of Syk-selective SH2 antagonists for the treatment of allergic disorders and asthma.	1.5
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	The C-terminal phosphotyrosine-binding site is very different from the equivalent region of ZAP-70, suggesting that in contrast to ZAP-70, the two SH2 domains of Syk can function as independent units.	3
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	Structural basis for Syk tyrosine kinase ubiquity in signal transduction pathways revealed by the crystal structure of its regulatory SH2 domains bound to a dually phosphorylated ITAM peptide.	3
This model contains the C-terminus SH2 domains of Syk.	Zap70 and the closely related kinase Syk contain two N-terminal SH2 domains instead of the Src SH3-SH2 domain arrangement (Figure 1).	2.5
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	Interestingly, the SH2 domains in Zap70 have accessible pTyr binding sites but high affinity binding to di-phosphorylated ITAM is disrupted due to incompatible domain orientation that disrupts the phosphotyrosine-binding pocket of the N-terminal SH2 domain.	1.5
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	The Src homology 2 (SH2) domain is a sequence-specific phosphotyrosine-binding module present in many signaling molecules.	2.5
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	The C-terminal phosphotyrosine-binding site is very different from the equivalent region of ZAP-70, suggesting that in contrast to ZAP-70, the two SH2 domains of Syk can function as independent units.	3.5
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	CONCLUSIONS: Syk-C resembles other SH2 domains in its peptide-binding interactions and overall topology, a result that is consistent with its ability to function as an independent SH2 domain in vitro.	3
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	Structural basis for Syk tyrosine kinase ubiquity in signal transduction pathways revealed by the crystal structure of its regulatory SH2 domains bound to a dually phosphorylated ITAM peptide.	3
In Syk the two SH2 domains do not form such a phosphotyrosine-binding site.	Both Syk SH2 (Src homology 2) domains are required for high-affinity binding to these motifs, but the C-terminal SH2 domain (Syk-C) can function independently and can bind, in isolation, to the tyrosine-phosphorylated IgE receptor in vitro.	3.5
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	Stabilizing interactions between the SH2 and the kinase domains have also been observed in the structures of active Csk and Abl.	1.5
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	SH2 domains: from structure to energetics, a dual approach to the study of structure-function relationships.	2
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	Both Syk SH2 (Src homology 2) domains are required for high-affinity binding to these motifs, but the C-terminal SH2 domain (Syk-C) can function independently and can bind, in isolation, to the tyrosine-phosphorylated IgE receptor in vitro.	4.5
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	CONCLUSIONS: Syk-C resembles other SH2 domains in its peptide-binding interactions and overall topology, a result that is consistent with its ability to function as an independent SH2 domain in vitro.	4.5
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	SH2 domains: modulators of nonreceptor tyrosine kinase activity	2
The SH2 domains here are believed to function independently.	The C-terminal phosphotyrosine-binding site is very different from the equivalent region of ZAP-70, suggesting that in contrast to ZAP-70, the two SH2 domains of Syk can function as independent units.	4.5
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	The C-terminal phosphotyrosine-binding site is very different from the equivalent region of ZAP-70, suggesting that in contrast to ZAP-70, the two SH2 domains of Syk can function as independent units.	1
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	In mast cells, Syk specifically associates with doubly phosphorylated immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs (ITAMs) that are found within the IgE receptor.	2.5
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	RESULTS: The Syk-C:peptide structure is compared with liganded structures of both the SH2 domain of Src and the C-terminal SH2 domain of ZAP-70 (the 70 kDa zeta-associated protein).	1
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	We present the crystal structure of the tandem SH2 domain of Syk complexed with a dually phosphorylated ITAM peptide.	1
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	Solution structure of the C-terminal SH2 domain of the human tyrosine kinase Syk complexed with a phosphotyrosine pentapeptide.	1
ZAP-70 is expressed in T and natural killer (NK) cells and Syk is expressed in B cells, mast cells, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, platelets, macrophages, and immature T cells.	The Syk family of kinases, consisting of ZAP-70 and Syk, play essential roles in a variety of immune and non-immune cells.	3
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	Phosphorylation of these two residues activates Zap70 and allows binding of immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs (ITAM), which are not recognized by the inactive complex.	3.5
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	This family of kinases is characterized by the presence of two adjacent SH2 domains which mediate their localization to the membrane through receptor encoded tyrosine phosphorylated motifs.	2.5
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	Both Syk SH2 (Src homology 2) domains are required for high-affinity binding to these motifs, but the C-terminal SH2 domain (Syk-C) can function independently and can bind, in isolation, to the tyrosine-phosphorylated IgE receptor in vitro.	2
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	RESULTS: The Syk-C:peptide structure is compared with liganded structures of both the SH2 domain of Src and the C-terminal SH2 domain of ZAP-70 (the 70 kDa zeta-associated protein).	1.5
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	We present the crystal structure of the tandem SH2 domain of Syk complexed with a dually phosphorylated ITAM peptide.	2
Phosphorylation of both tyrosine residues within the Immunoreceptor Tyrosine-based Activation Motifs (ITAM; consensus sequence Yxx[LI]x(7,8)Yxx[LI]) by the Src-family PTKs is required for efficient interaction of ZAP-70 and Syk with the receptor subunits and for receptor function.	The key event of Src inactivation is that the C-terminal Tyr527 in Src, or a corresponding tyrosine in other family members, is phosphorylated by Csk.	2
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	Zap70 and the closely related kinase Syk contain two N-terminal SH2 domains instead of the Src SH3-SH2 domain arrangement (Figure 1).	4
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	The Src homology 2 (SH2) domain is a sequence-specific phosphotyrosine-binding module present in many signaling molecules.	1
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	Both Syk SH2 (Src homology 2) domains are required for high-affinity binding to these motifs, but the C-terminal SH2 domain (Syk-C) can function independently and can bind, in isolation, to the tyrosine-phosphorylated IgE receptor in vitro.	2
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	This binding event induces bending of the C-terminal helix of the kinase domain and binding of the SH2 to the kinase domain.	1
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	The crystal structure of the open active kinase conformation of Src confirmed that the SH2/SH3 domain is rotated away from the kinase domain but it retains its 'clamp' structure in which the SH3 domain remains bound to the SH2 linker.	1.5
They consist of two N-terminal Src homology 2 (SH2) domains and a C-terminal kinase domain separated from the SH2 domains by a linker or hinge region.	Dipeptide insertions in the N-terminal region of the v-Fps SH2 domain cause a severe loss of both kinase and transforming functions, suggesting that the conformation of the SH2 domain is important for the catalytic properties of the adjacent kinase domain.	1.5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	The aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) help maintain the genetic code by recognizing their cognate tRNAs and amino acids from the pool of competing reactants within the cell.	4.5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	In the modern world of translation, aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) help maintain the genetic code by charging tRNA with its cognate amino acid.	4.5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	The canonical function of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (AARS) is to decipher the genetic code by accurate ligation of amino acids to their cognate tRNAs.	4
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	Although most of the aa-tRNA is made by aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRS), a family of 20 enzymes that catalyze direct acylation of each tRNA species with its cognate amino acid, it is now clear that the process of aa-tRNA synthesis is far from universally conserved.	4
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	Most aa-tRNAs are formed by direct aminoacylation of tRNA catalyzed by aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases.	3.5
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) comprise a family of enzymes that catalyze the coupling of amino acids with their matching tRNAs.	AARSs are an ancient family of enzymes, conserved from bacteria to vertebrates, that catalyze the attachment of amino acids to cognate transfer RNAs (tRNAs).	4.5
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	To maintain the fidelity of protein synthesis, pairing an amino acid with its cognate tRNA to form aminoacyl-tRNA (aa-tRNA) is essential.	3.5
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	In the modern world of translation, aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) help maintain the genetic code by charging tRNA with its cognate amino acid.	3.5
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	Although GluRS is atypical of Class I aaRSs in that it requires tRNA to be bound before the aminoacyl adenylate can be formed, the final process of AMP and aa-tRNA dissociation involves an analogous set of molecules in all Class I aaRSs.	3
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	In the first post-transfer state (Post (H-AMP)), the amino acid moiety on the adenylate is transferred to the tRNA, and the proton previously on the 2'-OH of A76 is transferred to the AMP phosphate, which is the only base in close proximity to the ribose hydroxyl group.	3.5
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	First, the amino acid is activated in an ATP-dependent manner forming an enzyme-bound aminoacyl-adenylate.	2.5
This involves the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate using ATP, followed by the transfer of the activated amino acid to the 3'-adenosine moiety of the tRNA.	As found for the other aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases the catalytic pathway of GluRS includes the formation of an aminoacyl adenylate in the first reaction step, but GluRS shares a special property with GlnRS and ArgRS: the ATP/PPi pyrophosphate exchange reaction is only catalyzed in the presence of the cognate tRNA.	4
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	Four class I tRNA synthetases, GluRS (which is linked to ProRS via 3 WHEP domains), MetRS, ValRS and CysRS, and two of the 3 auxiliary factors of the MSC (p38 and p18) contain a glutathione S-transferase (GST)-like domain (Figure 1).	2
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	The finding that Arc1p-N, GluRS-N and MetRS-N adopt a GST-like fold is intriguing as they are known to engage exclusively in heteromeric interactions and the structural data available so far did not explain how this fold could mediate heteromeric interactions.	3.5
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	The CTD interacts strongly with identity elements in the variable arm and with the GG loop, forming 2 communities (C-4A and C-4B) that are analogous to the ACB domain of the GluRS network (C-4).	2
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	Interestingly, EMAP II-like domains are found only in tRNA synthetases, including those appended to the C-terminus of nematode and plant MetRS, or in tRNA synthetase-associated proteins, including p43 and yeast Arc1p. (In yeast, there is a smaller synthetase complex formed by MetRS, GluRS and a noncatalytic protein called Arc1p.) As a trans-acting factor, the EMAP II domain in Arc1p enhances catalytic activities of the associated tRNA synthetases and maintains their cytosolic localiza***shortened***	3
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	(C) The GluRS-N-Arc1p-N complex viewed in an orientation corresponding to GluRS-N superposition over the top chain of E.coli GST in (A) and over MetRS-N in (B).	2
The GST-C-like domain of GluRS is involved in protein-protein interactions.	Multiple protein sequence alignments of Arc1p-N and GluRS-N with orthologous sequences from other yeasts suggests that the contacting residues are on average not significantly more conserved than other residues not involved in the interaction (Figure 5A and C).	3
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	Therefore, the WHEP domain is a true structural invention for AARSs.	1
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	The Arc1p-N-terminal domain corresponds to only the C-terminal alpha-helical part of the classical GST fold [GST-C in PFAM ], it lacks the N-terminal alpha/beta motif, which contributes most of the substrate binding residues in classical GSTs.	1.5
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	The aaRSs are divided into two classes based on the structurally distinct, conserved core or catalytic domain (CD) containing the active site.	1.5
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	Therefore, as a protein-protein binding motif, the GST-like domains expand the interaction partners of AARSs both inside and outside of the translational apparatus.	1.5
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	Those observations show that the GST-like domains mediate higher-order interactions among AARSs, and the interactions are conserved from yeast to human.	2
AaRSs from prokaryotes, which are active as dimers, do not contain this GST-C-like domain.	Not surprisingly, all AARSs containing a GST-like domain are found in complexes with other proteins.	2.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	Usually, in cells, this is achieved by a group of enzymes known as aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs).	1.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	For several Class I aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs), the rate determining step in aminoacylation is the dissociation of the charged tRNA from the enzyme.	2.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	In the Class I aaRSs, tRNA dissociation is the rate determining step for tRNA aminoacylation, which has been shown to be stimulated in the presence of EF-Tu.	1.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	Inspection of sequences of human tRNA synthetases predicts that all AARSs, except for AlaRSs, have expanded domains/motifs that are not found in their respective orthologs in bacteria or archaea.	1.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	In the modern world of translation, aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) help maintain the genetic code by charging tRNA with its cognate amino acid.	3.5
AaRSs may also be involved in translational and transcriptional regulation, as well as in tRNA processing.	We use the structure of the glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) complexed with tRNAGlu from Thermus thermophilus as a representative of monomeric Class I aaRSs.	2
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	The complex structures presented here may represent 'prototype' models of interactions at the core of the mammalian multi-aaRS complex, which is known to contain five components orthologous to MetRS, GluRS and Arc1p: MetRS, the bi-functional GluProRS and the three accessory proteins p18, p38 and p43.	3
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	The data provide a complete structural model for ternary complex formation between the interacting domains of MetRS, GluRS and Arc1p.	3.5
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	The N-terminal appended domains of yeast MetRS and GluRS as well as the N-terminal domain of Arc1p are necessary and sufficient for formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex which appears to be stoichiometric.	3.5
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	Previous research has clearly established that the N-terminal domains of Arc1p, GluRS and MetRS are necessary and sufficient for formation of the yeast aaRS complex both in vitro and in vivo.	3.5
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	(A) The Arc1p-N parts from the MetRS-N-Arc1p-N and GluRS-N-Arc1p-N complexes superpose with an RMSD of 0.67 A, revealing the structural organization of the ternary complex.	2.5
This domain mediates the formation of the MetRS-Arc1p-GluRS ternary complex found in lower eukaryotes, which is considered an evolutionary intermediate between prokaryotic aaRS and the multi-aaRS complex found in higher eukaryotes.	It thereby confirms that ternary complex formation is exclusively mediated by Arc1p without direct contacts between MetRS and GluRS (Figure 8), which were previously found not to interact in the absence of Arc1p.	3
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	The structures reveal that all three domains adopt a glutathione S-transferase (GST)-like fold and that simultaneous interaction of Arc1p with GluRS and MetRS is mediated by the use of a novel interface in addition to a classical GST dimerization interaction.	2.5
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	We use the structure of the glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) complexed with tRNAGlu from Thermus thermophilus as a representative of monomeric Class I aaRSs.	2.5
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	Other gram-negative eubacteria and the cytoplasm of eukaryotes contain a glutamyl-tRNA synthetase specific for tRNA(Glu), and a glutaminyl-tRNA synthetase.	2
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	The yeast aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase (aaRS) complex is formed by the methionyl- and glutamyl-tRNA synthetases (MetRS and GluRS, respectively) and the tRNA aminoacylation cofactor Arc1p.	2
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	Four class I tRNA synthetases, GluRS (which is linked to ProRS via 3 WHEP domains), MetRS, ValRS and CysRS, and two of the 3 auxiliary factors of the MSC (p38 and p18) contain a glutathione S-transferase (GST)-like domain (Figure 1).	2.5
Glutathione S-transferase (GST) C-terminal domain family, Glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS) subfamily; This model characterizes the GST-C-like domain found in the N-terminal region of GluRS from lower eukaryotes.	Community network analysis derived from molecular dynamics simulations is used to identify and compare the signaling pathways in a bacterial glutamyl-tRNA synthetase (GluRS):tRNAGlu and an archaeal leucyl-tRNA synthetase (LeuRS):tRNALeu complex.	1.5
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	Overexpression of SEMA3B and SEMA3F reduced focal adhesion kinase (FAK) phosphorylation and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2 and -9 expression in OVCA cells.	5
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	Ectopic expression of SEMA3B in OVCA cell lines resulted in significant inhibition of cell growth and invasiveness.	3.5
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	Given an important role of MMP-2 and MMP-9 in cancer progression and their involvement of cell-matrix interaction and tumor invasion, we examined the protein expression of MMP-9 and MMP-2 and their proteolytic activity in ovarian cancer cells overexpressing either SEMA3B or SEMA3F.	3
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	As shown in our current study, upregulation of SEMA3B and SEMA3F significantly inhibited MMP-9 and MMP-2 expression and activity, suggesting that this could be one mechanism by which SEMAs may attenuate metastatic progression, including anchorage-independent growth, migration and cell invasion.	4.5
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	Ectopic expression of SEMA3B, SEMA3F resulted in a decreased protein expression of MMP-9 and MMP-2 in OVCA cells compared with vector control transfectants (Fig. 4B).	3.5
They are upregulated by estrogen and inhibit cell motility and invasiveness through decreased FAK phosphorylation and inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression.	The involvement of SEMA3B and SEMA3F in cell invasion and tube formation may be through the alteration of MMP-2, MMP-9, and FAK phosphorylation, respectively.	4
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	The expression of semaphorins has been described most fully in the nervous system, but they are also present in most, or perhaps all, other tissues.	4
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	In the nervous system, the role of semaphorins in forming neural connections is well established, but the role of semaphorins in neural connectivity as it pertains to thought, emotion, memory, and behavior is unknown.	4.5
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	The expression patterns of the individual semaphorins are best characterized in the nervous system, particularly during development, where most, or perhaps all, semaphorins are widely expressed in the nervous system by neuronal and non-neuronal cells (reviewed in; see Table 1 for details of the expression and functions of all members of the family and associated references).	4
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	Functionally, semaphorins were initially characterized for their importance in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	5
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	Semaphorins are best known for their roles in nervous system development, and a number of approaches in vivo and in vitro indicate that semaphorins can enable axons to find and connect with one another and their other targets (reviewed in).	4.5
Semaphorins are regulatory molecules in the development of the nervous system and in axonal guidance.	Semaphorins comprise a family of molecules that influence neuronal growth and guidance.	5
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	Recently, we established that SEMA3B and VEGF165 play antagonistic roles in regulation of apoptosis and survival of lung and breast carcinoma cell lines.	3.5
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	The aim of the present study was to examine the regulation of SEMA3B and SEMA3F by hormones and to decipher whether SEMA3B and SEMA3F play different roles in tumorigenesis.	2.5
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	In other words, premenopausal levels of gonadotropins and estrogens may play an important role to prevent the development of an aggressive ovarian cancer phenotype.	1
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	Given the importance of semaphorins in a wide range of functions, including neural connectivity, angiogenesis, immunoregulation, and cancer, much remains to be learned about these proteins and their roles in pathology and human disease.	4.5
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	They alter the cytoskeleton and the organization of actin filaments and the microtubule network, and are important in a wide range of functions, including neural connectivity, angiogenesis, immunoregulation, and cancer.	4
They also play important roles in other biological processes, such as angiogenesis, immune regulation, respiration systems and cancer.	Although best characterized in the nervous system, they are widely expressed in other tissues where they have a role in angiogenesis, organogenesis, and immune cell regulation.	4
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	In addition, we found that estradiol and gonadotropins up-regulated expression of SEMA3B, whereas SEMA3F expression was exclusively enhanced by estradiol in ovarian cancer cells.	2
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	In our studies, we found high levels of SEMA3B and SEMA3F in cell lysates and conditioned media of HOSE cells than in OVCA cells.	1.5
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	In summary, our data demonstrate that estrogen can be used to re-activate SEMA3B and SEMA3F that are down-regulated in ovarian tumors and in cell lines.	2.5
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	This difference in growth inhibition was not caused by suboptimal expression of SEMA3F in ovarian cancer cell lines, as levels of SEMA3B and SEMA3F were equally upregulated in OVCA cells after transfection.	2
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	We observed a decreased expression of SEMA3B and SEMA3F in grade III ovarian tumors.	3
Both Sema3B and Sema3F show high levels of expression in normal tissues and low-grade tumors but are down-regulated in highly metastatic tumors in the lung, melanoma cells, bladder carcinoma cells and prostate carcinoma.	Re-expression of SEMA3B and SEMA3F increases apoptosis and inhibits cell growth in human lung, breast, and ovarian cancer cells, and in A9 mouse fibrosarcoma cell line.	2
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Semaphorin 3B (SEMA3B) is a secreted member of the semaphorin family, important in axonal guidance.	1.5
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Thus, both genes are candidate tumor suppressors.	5
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	SEMA3B is a secreted protein that belongs to the large semaphorin family of neurotrophic factors.	1.5
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	In the present report, we tested the hypothesis that SEMA3B, a member of the same semaphorin family, exerts similar tumor-inhibitory effects by binding Np-1 receptor that induces signals suppressing the PI3K/Akt pathway activation.	3.5
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Semaphorin 3B (SEMA3B) encodes a secreted protein with tumor suppressor activity that is located at chromosome region 3p21.3, a site of frequent allele loss in the early pathogenesis of lung and breast cancers.	4.5
Sema3B is coexpressed with semaphorin 3F and both proteins are candidate tumor suppressors.	Two related secreted semaphorins, semaphorin-3 B (SEMA3B) and semaphorin-3F (SEMA3F), were isolated from a region on human chromosome 3p21.3 commonly deleted in cancer.	3.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	In particular, an approximately 70-amino-acid region within the sema domain is important for the effects of Sema3A on repulsive axon guidance and the collapse of the growing tip or growth cones of axons, which stops their extension.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Cysteine residues in the carboxy terminus are important for this dimerization, although weak dimerization also occurs between sema domains.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The lone class 7 sema (Sema7A) contains a membrane-associated GPI moiety at its carboxy terminus.	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Immediately to the carboxy-terminal side of the sema domain, semaphorins contain a plexin-semaphorin-integrin (PSI) domain (Figure 2).	1
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The eight main classes of semaphorins differ in sequence and overall structural characteristics, but all members of the family contain a conserved extracellular domain of about 500 amino acids termed the semaphorin (sema) domain (Figure 2).	2
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Crystal-structure analysis indicates that this domain is highly conserved, but its three-dimensional position relative to the sema domain can vary among semaphorins.	1.5
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	There are two neuropilins (NP-1 and NP-2), which bind class 3 semaphorins and vascular endothelial growth factors (VEGF), and regulating two diverse systems, neuronal guidance and angiogenesis.	3.5
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Rather, the functional receptors for these semaphorins are complexes of neuropilins and A-type plexins, with the former serving as the ligand-binding moiety and the latter the signal-transducing component.	4
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Two receptor families have been implicated in mediating the actions of class 3 semaphorins: the neuropilins (NP) and plexins.	4.5
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Primer sequences for neuropilins and plexins have been previously described.	1
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	SEMA3s primarily inhibit the cell motility and migration of tumor and endothelial cells by inducing collapse of the actin cytoskeleton via neuropilins and plexins.	4.5
Two receptor families, the neuropilins (NP) and plexins, have been implicated in mediating the actions of semaphorins 3B and 3F.	Class-3 semaphorins, semaphorin-3B (SEMA3B) and semaphorin-3F (SEMA3F) illustrate their effects by forming a complex with neuropilins (NP-1 or NP-2) and plexins.	4.5
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	Previous reports demonstrated that SEMA3B transcripts as well as transcripts for many other semaphorin family members, their neuropilin receptors, and plexin coreceptors are expressed in osteoblast-enriched cell populations obtained from periodontal and gingival isolates in vitro.	2.5
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	Semaphorin 3B (SEMA3B), located at 3p21.3, is a secreted member of the semaphorin family important in axonal guidance.	3
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	Human Semaphorin 3B (SEMA3B) located at chromosome 3p21.3 suppresses tumor formation in an adenocarcinoma cell line.	1.5
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	All classes of semaphorins except class 2 have been found to bind directly to members of the plexin (Plex) family of transmembrane receptors (reviewed in; see Table 2 for a summary of the receptors and signaling proteins associated with semaphorins and Figure 3 for the primary structure of known semaphorin receptors).	1
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	Semaphorin 3B (SEMA3B) is a secreted member of the semaphorin family, important in axonal guidance.	3
Sema3B is a member of the class 3 semaphorin family of proteins.	In the present report, we tested the hypothesis that SEMA3B, a member of the same semaphorin family, exerts similar tumor-inhibitory effects by binding Np-1 receptor that induces signals suppressing the PI3K/Akt pathway activation.	2.5
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	Preferential receptor binding and ligand-mediated internalization suggest a mechanism by which a common receptor, Np-1, can function in prioritizing conflicting signals.	1
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	To ascertain whether the observed gonadotropin-stimulated or steroid-stimulated SEMA3B or SEMA3F expression was mediated through a receptor-mediated pathway, OVCA cell lines were treated with FSH, LH, or E2 (each at 10 nmol/L) for 24 h in the presence of the protein kinase A-selective inhibitor H-89 at 0.1 mmol/L (for FSH and LH), the anti-estrogen ICI 182,780 (ICI) at 0.1 mmol/L (for E2), or with vehicle alone.	2.5
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	In our hands, this region does not serve as a high-affinity binding site for VDR-retinoid X receptor heterodimers in vitro, and it does not drive VDR/1,25-(OH)2D3-dependent expression of a heterologous TK promoter in a manner similar to established DR-3 VDREs from the rat osteocalcin or 24-hydroxylase genes (data not shown).	1
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	Plexin A is a neuronal semaphorin receptor that controls axon guidance.	1.5
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	In the present report, we tested the hypothesis that SEMA3B, a member of the same semaphorin family, exerts similar tumor-inhibitory effects by binding Np-1 receptor that induces signals suppressing the PI3K/Akt pathway activation.	3
It serves as a receptor-recognition and -binding module.	SEMA3B inhibits VEGF165 binding to receptors on these tumor cells, and the effect can be mediated by NP receptors alone in the absence of VEGF receptor expression.	1.5
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	NIH-3T3 cells were stably transfected in order to express recombinant L1CAM, PLXNB2, and PLXNB3 and used for cell aggregation assays and as substrate cells for primary murine cerebellar neurons in neurite outgrowth assay performed as described previously.	4
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	(A) Examples of primary murine cerebellar neurons isolated from six days old c57BL/6J mice and grown on L1-, B2-, or B3- expressing transfected (L1, B2, B3) or non-transfected (3T3) NIH-3T3 substrate cells.	1
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	These data, along with the fact that homophilic interaction of various neuronal CAMs has been implicated in stimulation of neurite outgrowth, support the hypothesis that homophilic interaction of B3 and also possibly that of B2 is involved in stimulation of neurite outgrowth and that in the assay presented both human plexins may stimulate neurite outgrowth of murine cerebellar neurons via a quasi homophilic interaction of the human and murine homologs.	5
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	We analyzed the effects of recombinant B2 and B3 expressed by NIH-3T3 substrate cells on neurite outgrowth of cerebellar neurons of six days old c57BL/6J mice.	2.5
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	Therefore, homophilic interaction of B3 is supposed to be a possible mechanism underlying the stimulation of neurite outgrowth of cerebellar neurons in the assay presented.	4
It is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth of primary murine cerebellar neurons.	Using a neurite outgrowth assay with murine cerebellar neurons and substrate cells expressing recombinant human plexins B2 or B3, we found evidence of neurite outgrowth-promoting activity of both plexins.	5
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	These findings demonstrate that the expression of semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 increased gradually with gastric cancer procession, indicating that semaphorin 5A may play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma through plexin B3, displaying a novel expression and function of semaphorin 5A and plexin B3 outside of the nervous system.	5
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	To our knowledge, this is the first report on the expression of semaphorin 5A and plexin B3 mRNA and protein in gastric carcinoma, and the functional role of semaphorin 5A and plexin B3 in the invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer.	4
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	This study showed that the expression of semaphorin 5A and plexin B3 increased gradually in non-neoplastic mucosa, primary gastric carcinoma, and lymph node metastasis, suggesting that the expression of semaphorin 5A and plexin B3 is closely correlated to the invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer.	5
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	In the present study, we investigated the protein and mRNA expression of semaphorin 5A, plexin B3 in primary gastric carcinoma as well as in its corresponding non-neoplastic mucosa and matched regional lymph node metastasis, and preliminarily analyzed their relation with the invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer.	3.5
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	CONCLUSION: Semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	5
They play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	AIM: To investigate the protein and mRNA expression of semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 in gastric carcinoma and explore its role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma.	3.5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	RESULTS: The protein and mRNA expression of semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 increased gradually in non-neoplastic mucosa, primary gastric carcinoma and lymph node metastasis (P < 0.05).	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	Plexin B3, belonging to class B plexin subfamily, is a receptor for semaphorin 5A.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	B3 is a known receptor of semaphorin 5A that induces cellular collapse, growth cone collapse, has axon-repelling activity, and leads to inhibition of integrin-based adhesion of NIH-3T3 fibroblasts expressing transfected plexin B3.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	These findings demonstrate that the expression of semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 increased gradually with gastric cancer procession, indicating that semaphorin 5A may play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinoma through plexin B3, displaying a novel expression and function of semaphorin 5A and plexin B3 outside of the nervous system.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	Semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 have been originally described in the nervous system, and are important in axon migration and proper central nervous system development.	5
Plexin B3 is the receptor of semaphorin 5A.	METHODS: Expression of semaphorin 5A and its receptor plexin B3 in 48 samples of primary gastric carcinoma, its corresponding non-neoplastic mucosa, and matched regional lymph node metastasis was assayed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), real-time RT-PCR and Western blotting.	5
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	To begin with, rat C6 and human U87-MG glioma cells were challenged with Sema5A, the functional ligand for plexin-B3, and monitored for changes in cell migration using scratch wound assay.	2.5
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	The dependence of plexin-B3 in relaying the effect of Sema5A on glioma cell invasion was assessed by siRNA-mediated silencing of endogenous plexin-B3 expression.	3
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	Here, we report the expression of plexin-B3 in glioma cells, which upon stimulation by its ligand Sema5A results in significant inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	5
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	The finding of direct binding between plexin-B3 and RhoGDIalpha therefore prompted us to assay for the activation status of various RhoGTPases in glioma cells upon Sema5A stimulation.	3
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	Sema5A inhibits Rac1 activation in glioma cells via plexin-B3.A, levels of Rac1-GTP in glioma cells at various time points after Fc or Sema5A-Fc stimulation were measured by GST-PBD pulldown assay and analyzed by Western blot using anti-Rac1 antibody.	3
The stimulation of plexin B3 by Sema5A binding in human glioma cells results in the inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	Taken together, RhoGDIalpha functions to mediate the signals of Sema5A and plexin-B3 in inactivating Rac1 and inhibiting invasion in glioma cells.	4
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Therefore, the sema domain of B3 may be involved in both homophilic interaction and heterophilic interaction with semaphorin 5A.	1.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	By immunoprecipitation of various deletion constructs we showed that the sema domain of B3 was necessary and sufficient for the homophilic interaction.	1.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	The nine mammalian plexins, A1-4, B1-3, C1, and D1 are characterized by a sema domain, three cysteine-rich repeats (MRS, Met-related sequences, or PSI, plexins, semaphorins, and integrins), three glycine/proline-rich repeats (IPT, immunoglobulin-like fold shared by plexins and transcription factors), a single-pass transmembrane region, and an intracellular SP (sex plexin) domain consisting of two different parts.	1.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Co-IP was performed using anti-HA antibody and suggests that the sema domain is essential and sufficient for homophilic binding.	1.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	In light of the former report of intramolecular interaction between the N and C terminus of the cytoplasmic domain of plexin-B1, we proposed that plexin-B3CD-C might interact with -A and -B, thereby masking the major RhoGDIalpha binding regions on the latter.	1.5
The Sema domain is located at the N-terminus and contains four disulfide bonds formed by eight conserved cysteine residues.	Semaphorins are the products of a large family of genes currently containing more than 30 members, all of which share a conserved N-terminal domain called the "sema" domain, a segment of approximately 400-500 amino acids.	3
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	These findings suggest that plexin B3 may influence cognitive performance, and the development of white matter in vivo in a way similar to its known stimulating effect on neurite outgrowth in vitro.	4.5
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Detection of plexin B3 protein in human and murine brain.	1
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Here we show that plexin-B3 is expressed in glioma cells of both human and rat origin.	1
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	(A) Western blot detection of human plexin B3 (B3) protein in pIRES/B3-tranfected COS-7 cells (lane 1) and human brain (corpus callosum, lane 3; neocortex, lane 4) using antibody pAbB3-B.	1
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Additionally, the haplotype A was associated with increased volume of brain white matter that in turn correlated with performance in the vocabulary test.	4.5
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	We have previously shown that plexin B3 is a highly potent stimulator of neurite outgrowth, which makes its gene PLXNB3 an intriguing candidate gene for traits related to human brain development and cerebral connectivity.	3.5
Plexin B3 has been linked to verbal performance and white matter volume in human brain.	Here, we report the expression of plexin-B3 in glioma cells of human and rat origin.	1
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	The beads were then washed three times with the binding buffer.	1
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	Here, we report the expression of plexin-B3 in glioma cells, which upon stimulation by its ligand Sema5A results in significant inhibition of cell migration and invasion.	3
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	To begin with, rat C6 and human U87-MG glioma cells were challenged with Sema5A, the functional ligand for plexin-B3, and monitored for changes in cell migration using scratch wound assay.	2
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	However, a reverse signaling mechanism in which B3 would act as a ligand for a yet unknown receptor cannot be ruled out as an explanation for the observed B3-dependent stimulation of neurite outgrowth.	1.5
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	D, mapping RhoGDIalpha-binding site on plexin-B3CD.	1.5
It serves as a ligand-recognition and -binding module.	It is tempting to speculate that Sema5A stimulation plausibly promotes conformational changes in plexin-B3CD, which together with the recruitment of Rac1 to the CRIB region would facilitate the binding of RhoGDIalpha in a ligand-dependent manner.	2.5
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	Taken together, RhoGDIalpha functions to mediate the signals of Sema5A and plexin-B3 in inactivating Rac1 and inhibiting invasion in glioma cells.	1.5
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	The expression of Sema5A and its receptor plexin-B3 has recently been shown to be correlated with the progression of pancreatic, prostate, and gastric cancers.	5
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	The effects of Sema5A and plexin-B3 in facilitating RhoGDIalpha-Rac1 interaction and reducing membrane localization of Rac1 therefore represent a potential candidate.	1
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	These findings suggest that the impairment of C6 glioma cell motility by Sema5A and plexin-B3 is mediated through Rac1 inactivation.	1
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	To understand the way Sema5A and plexin-B3 inhibit glioma cell motility, we began by characterizing the signal transduction pathways mediated by plexin-B3.	1
Furthermore, Sema5A and plexin B3 have been implicated in the progression of various types of cancer.	The enhancement of RhoGDIalpha-Rac1 association by Sema5A and plexin-B3 as shown in this study may represent a candidate mechanism to subserve this function.	1
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	Using proteins expressed in yeast or recombinant systems we show that full-length yeast eIF2gamma, as well as its isolated G domain, binds directly to eIF5 and the epsilon subunit of eIF2B, and we map the interaction sites to the catalytically important regions of these factors.	2.5
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	The factor eIF5 stimulates hydrolysis of GTP by eIF2 upon AUG codon recognition, whereas the factor eIF2B promotes guanine nucleotide exchange on eIF2 to recycle the factor for additional rounds of translation initiation.	3
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	However, eIF5B's role in subunit joining could also be because, contrary to the common assumption, one or more of eIF1, eIF1A, and eIF3 are not displaced from the 40S subunit after eIF5-induced eIF2-GDP release.	1.5
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	(D,E) Association of eIF1, eIF2, eIF3j- and eIF3j+ with 40S subunits before and after treatment with eIF5 and DeltaeIF5B of 48S complexes assembled on beta-globin mRNA, analyzed by fluorescent SYPRO staining (D) or immunoblotting (E), after gel electrophoresis of peak fractions obtained after sucrose density gradient centrifugation of ribosomal complexes.	2
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	The conformation of 43S complexes bound by eIF1 is therefore optimal for scanning and for rejection of codon-anticodon mismatches but not for eIF5-induced hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP.	2
It is possible that eIF2-beta serves simply as a high-affinity docking site for eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon, or that eIF2-beta serves a regulatory role.	Direct binding of translation initiation factor eIF2gamma-G domain to its GTPase-activating and GDP-GTP exchange factors eIF5 and eIF2B epsilon.	3
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	Here, we review observations that several initiation factors and one elongation factor of Escherichia coli, first isolated as required to reconstitute translation, bear a surprising degree of similarity in structure and function to the eukaryotic initiation factors eIF4A and eIF5A and to the elongation factor eEF3, previously described as a fungus-specific protein.	1
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	In eubacteria, the reaction may occur via two pathways in which the 30S initiation factor complex can either interact first with the mRNA or with fMet-tRNA.	1
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	In eubacteria, the disassembly of the termination complex involves GTP and two factors, RRF (for "ribosome recycling factor") and EFG.	1
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	Examination of the nucleotide-complexed aIF2gamma structures suggests mechanisms of action and tRNA binding properties similar to those of an elongation factor.	2
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	In vivo and in vitro observations suggest that UGA can be read as termination, tryptophan, cysteine, or selenocysteine.	1
It is closely related to SelB, the selenocysteine-specific elongation factor from eubacteria.	aIF2gamma shows a high resemblance with elongation factor EF1-A.	1.5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	This may mean that eIF1 did not dissociate from its site on the 40S subunit after codon-anticodon base-pairing, but despite being bound to eIF1, ribosomal complexes could nevertheless undergo the conformational changes that are required for fast GTP hydrolysis, or alternatively, that eIF1 was ejected from its position on the 40S subunit but remained associated with ribosomal complexes through its interaction with eIF3.	1.5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	eIF2, GTP, and Met- form a ternary complex, which together with eIF3, eIF1, and eIF1A binds to the 40S subunit to form a 43S complex.	3.5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	In its GTP-bound state it delivers the methionyl initiator tRNA (Met-tRNA(i)) to the small ribosomal subunit and releases it upon GTP hydrolysis following the recognition of the initiation codon.	3.5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	By delivering the initiator methionyl-tRNA to the ribosome, e/aIF2 ensures specificity of initiation codon selection.	4
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	The GTP-binding eukaryotic translation initiation factor eIF2 delivers initiator methionyl-tRNA to the 40 S ribosomal subunit.	4.5
The GTP-bound gamma subunit also binds initiator methionyl-tRNA and delivers it to the 40S ribosomal subunit.	Eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 (eIF2) is a G protein that delivers the methionyl initiator tRNA to the small ribosomal subunit and releases it upon GTP hydrolysis after the recognition of the initiation codon.	4
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	Contrary to the previously reported ribosomal anti-association activity of eIF3, recent data showed that in the absence of eIF2 ternary complex, neither eIF3j- nor eIF3j+ alone or in combination with eIF1 and eIF1A have such activity.	1.5
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	The 40S subunit in 48S complexes formed at the initiation codon of mRNA is bound to eukaryotic initiation factor (eIF) 3, eIF1, eIF1A, and an eIF2/GTP/Met- ternary complex and can therefore not join a 60S subunit directly to form an 80S ribosome.	1.5
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	Although eIF1, eIF1A, and eIF3 can all bind to 40S subunits independent of the eIF2 ternary complex, contrary to other reports (e.g.,), in the absence of eIF2 ternary complex, these factors do not protect 40S subunits from joining with 60S subunits.	1.5
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	eIF3's ability to bind 40S subunits in the absence of eIF2 ternary complex was recently reported to depend on its weakly bound eIF3j subunit.	1.5
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	The sequence of the eubacterial IF2 is, however, not related to the eIF2.	4
The translational factor components of the ternary complex, IF2 in eubacteria and eIF2 in eukaryotes are not the same protein (despite their unfortunately similar names).	There are therefore striking parallels between subunit joining in eukaryotes (in which hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP and release of eIF2-GDP are followed by eIF5B-mediated joining of a 60S subunit to a 40S subunit bound by Met- eIF1, eIF3, and probably eIF1A) and in prokaryotes (in which IF2 is thought to enhance joining of a 50S subunit to a 30S subunit bound by fMet-tRNA and IF1, IF2, and IF3).	3.5
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	The factor eIF5 stimulates hydrolysis of GTP by eIF2 upon AUG codon recognition, whereas the factor eIF2B promotes guanine nucleotide exchange on eIF2 to recycle the factor for additional rounds of translation initiation.	3
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	(D,E) Association of eIF1, eIF2, eIF3j- and eIF3j+ with 40S subunits before and after treatment with eIF5 and DeltaeIF5B of 48S complexes assembled on beta-globin mRNA, analyzed by fluorescent SYPRO staining (D) or immunoblotting (E), after gel electrophoresis of peak fractions obtained after sucrose density gradient centrifugation of ribosomal complexes.	2
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	Thus, rather than allosterically regulating eIF2gamma-G domain function via eIF2beta, our data support a model in which the GTPase-activating factor eIF5 and the guanine-nucleotide exchange factor eIF2B modulate eIF2 function through direct interactions with the eIF2gamma-G domain.	4.5
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	Using proteins expressed in yeast or recombinant systems we show that full-length yeast eIF2gamma, as well as its isolated G domain, binds directly to eIF5 and the epsilon subunit of eIF2B, and we map the interaction sites to the catalytically important regions of these factors.	4.5
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	Hydrolysis of eIF2-GTP was induced by adding 200 pmol eIF5 and incubating for 20 min more.	1.5
Both eIF5 and eIF2B-epsilon are known to bind strongly to eIF2-beta, but have also been shown to bind directly to eIF2-gamma.	Although eIF5 binds directly to eIF2 ternary complex off the 40S subunit, this interaction is not sufficient to induce eIF2's GTPase activity.	3
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	Although in vitro data concerning a link between initiation codon recognition and hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP are limited, strong genetic data support the importance of a stringent connection between them: Mutations in eIF5 (which increase its GAP activity), in eIF2gamma (which increase eIF2 dissociation from Met- even without GTP hydrolysis) and in eIF2beta (which increase eIF2's intrinsic GTPase activity) all enhance initiation at non-AUG codons in yeast.	3
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	Direct binding of translation initiation factor eIF2gamma-G domain to its GTPase-activating and GDP-GTP exchange factors eIF5 and eIF2B epsilon.	4
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	Thus, rather than allosterically regulating eIF2gamma-G domain function via eIF2beta, our data support a model in which the GTPase-activating factor eIF5 and the guanine-nucleotide exchange factor eIF2B modulate eIF2 function through direct interactions with the eIF2gamma-G domain.	4
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	The factor eIF5 stimulates hydrolysis of GTP by eIF2 upon AUG codon recognition, whereas the factor eIF2B promotes guanine nucleotide exchange on eIF2 to recycle the factor for additional rounds of translation initiation.	3.5
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	Although eIF5 binds directly to eIF2 ternary complex off the 40S subunit, this interaction is not sufficient to induce eIF2's GTPase activity.	2.5
The gamma subunit has no intrinsic GTPase activity, but is stimulated by the GTPase activating protein (GAP) eIF5, and GDP/GTP exchange is stimulated by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) eIF2B. eIF2B is a heteropentamer, and the epsilon chain binds eIF2.	We therefore propose a model for factor release from 48S complexes (Fig. 7) in which eIF5-induced hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP releases only eIF2-GDP, whereas eIF3, eIF1, and likely eIF1A are displaced during the subsequent subunit-joining step mediated by eIF5B.	2.5
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	The GTP-binding eukaryotic translation initiation factor eIF2 delivers initiator methionyl-tRNA to the 40 S ribosomal subunit.	3
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	Eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 (eIF2) is a G-protein that functions as a central switch in the initiation of protein synthesis.	3.5
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	In particular, the alpha and beta subunits of the initiation factor will have to be functionally integrated.	2
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	The GTP-binding (G) domain resides in the gamma subunit of the heterotrimeric eIF2; however, only eIF2beta, and not eIF2gamma, has been reported to directly bind to eIF5 or eIF2B.	3
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	The ternary complex that is formed, Met-tRNAi-GTP-eIF2 in eukaryotes, is catalyzed by eIF2, although this protein is composed of three subunits; the gamma subunit binds the Met-tRNAi and GTP.	4
eIF2 is a heterotrimeric translation initiation factor that consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	The genes encoding the alpha, beta and gamma subunits of P.abyssi aIF2 were amplified by PCR and cloned in a modified version of pET3a.	1.5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	We have developed a complete thermodynamic framework for the assembly of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae eIF2.GTP.Met-tRNA(i) ternary complex and have determined the effect of the conversion of GTP to GDP on eIF2's affinity for Met-tRNA(i) in solution.	2.5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	We therefore propose a model for factor release from 48S complexes (Fig. 7) in which eIF5-induced hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP releases only eIF2-GDP, whereas eIF3, eIF1, and likely eIF1A are displaced during the subsequent subunit-joining step mediated by eIF5B.	3
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	The lability of eIF1A's binding to 48S complexes even before hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP did not allow us to determine the stage at which it is released.	2.5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	After GTP hydrolysis, EFTu-GDP leaves the ribosome and a peptide bond can be formed.	1.5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	The first step in ribosomal subunit joining is hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP and release of eIF2-GDP from 48S complexes.	5
Following hydrolysis of GTP to GDP, eIF2:GDP is released from the ribosome.	Factor release from 48S complexes assembled on mRNAs with 5'-UTRs and coding regions of different lengths The stable association of eIF1 and eIF3 with 48S complexes assembled on globin mRNA after hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP could be because mRNA stabilizes the ribosome/factor interaction directly (through mRNA/eIF3 interaction) or indirectly (by inducing conformational changes in the 40S subunit), or because of the presence of eIF4A, eIF4B, and eIF4F.	2
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	Influence of initiation factors and codon-anticodon base-pairing on hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP.	1.5
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	The sequence of the eubacterial IF2 is, however, not related to the eIF2.	3.5
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	eIF2 is composed of three subunits, alpha, beta, and gamma.	2
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	The GTP-binding (G) domain resides in the gamma subunit of the heterotrimeric eIF2; however, only eIF2beta, and not eIF2gamma, has been reported to directly bind to eIF5 or eIF2B.	2.5
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	Considering the limited motions of switch 1 and switch 2, it is difficult to explain the GTP dependence of tRNA binding by an eIF2 trimer, as demonstrated in eukarya.	1.5
Both factors are GTPases; however, eubacterial IF-2 is a single polypeptide, while eIF2 is heterotrimeric.	Eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 (eIF2) is a G protein that delivers the methionyl initiator tRNA to the small ribosomal subunit and releases it upon GTP hydrolysis after the recognition of the initiation codon.	2.5
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	RF1 and RF2 were first identified during early attempts to reconstitute synthesis from pure initiation and elongation factors.	1
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	The possible mechanisms of a new initiation factor and two elongation factors are discussed in this context.	2.5
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	Reconstitution of synthesis using all of the homogeneous initiation, elongation, and termination factors has revealed that they do not suffice to promote the synthesis of peptides directed by native mRNA templates.	2.5
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	Release factors, such as the translation elongation factor, Ts, also recognize the switch regions and destabilize the Mg(2+)-binding site, thereby promoting GDP release.	1
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	The large subunit of initiation factor aIF2 is a close structural homologue of elongation factors	2
This family includes translation initiation, elongation, and release factors.	The stimulation of synthesis directed by MS2 RNA and homogeneous initiation and elongation factors requires EFP and RbbA, as shown in Fig. 8.	1
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	The ternary complex that is formed, Met-tRNAi-GTP-eIF2 in eukaryotes, is catalyzed by eIF2, although this protein is composed of three subunits; the gamma subunit binds the Met-tRNAi and GTP.	1.5
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	The sequence of the eubacterial IF2 is, however, not related to the eIF2.	1
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	eIF2 consists of alpha, beta, and gamma subunits.	1.5
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	It is carried towards the ribosome by a close homologue of eukaryotic eIF2.	1
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	There are therefore striking parallels between subunit joining in eukaryotes (in which hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP and release of eIF2-GDP are followed by eIF5B-mediated joining of a 60S subunit to a 40S subunit bound by Met- eIF1, eIF3, and probably eIF1A) and in prokaryotes (in which IF2 is thought to enhance joining of a 50S subunit to a 30S subunit bound by fMet-tRNA and IF1, IF2, and IF3).	1.5
eIF2-gamma is found only in eukaryotes and archaea.	It suggests that inside aIF2 and possibly eIF2, the core gamma protein has the capacity to bind both the initiator tRNA and the guanine nucleotide.	1
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	eIF2 is composed of three subunits, alpha, beta, and gamma.	1.5
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	It suggests that inside aIF2 and possibly eIF2, the core gamma protein has the capacity to bind both the initiator tRNA and the guanine nucleotide.	2
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	The comparable protein is instead eIF5B, which is a ribosome-dependent GTPase, as is the eubacterial IF2.	1.5
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	There are therefore striking parallels between subunit joining in eukaryotes (in which hydrolysis of eIF2-bound GTP and release of eIF2-GDP are followed by eIF5B-mediated joining of a 60S subunit to a 40S subunit bound by Met- eIF1, eIF3, and probably eIF1A) and in prokaryotes (in which IF2 is thought to enhance joining of a 50S subunit to a 30S subunit bound by fMet-tRNA and IF1, IF2, and IF3).	2
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	The sequence of the eubacterial IF2 is, however, not related to the eIF2.	4.5
eIF2-gamma is a member of the same family as eubacterial IF2, but the two proteins are only distantly related.	As in eukarya, a homologue of eubacterial IF2, aIF5B, is present in archaea.	2
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	The transfer of ammonia from the glutamine site to the acceptor site which must operate in a concerted manner has been demonstrated in two cases to involve channelling but is still matter of investigation.	2
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	The increasing number of biochemical and structural studies dealing with amidotransferases and with mechanistically related enzymes has disclosed the dichotomy of the mechanisms within these enzymes for achieving the glutamine amide bond cleavage.	2
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	A family comprised of at least sixteen amidotransferases are known to catalyze amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to their acceptor substrates.	3
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	Glutamine-dependent amidotransferases have been known for more than 30 years.	2.5
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	Recent studies of glutamine PRPP amidotransferase have provided a new understanding of the function and mechanism of this rather complicated enzyme that may be a paradigm for other complex enzymes.	1.5
This domain is found at the N-terminus of glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate (Prpp) amidotransferase (GPATase) . The glutaminase domain catalyzes amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to the appropriate substrate.	Glutamine PRPP amidotransferase: snapshots of an enzyme in action.	1.5
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	Glutamine-dependent amidotransferases have been known for more than 30 years.	1
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	Enzymes utilizing glutamine as an amide donor.	2
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	A family comprised of at least sixteen amidotransferases are known to catalyze amide nitrogen transfer from glutamine to their acceptor substrates.	2
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	The transfer of ammonia from the glutamine site to the acceptor site which must operate in a concerted manner has been demonstrated in two cases to involve channelling but is still matter of investigation.	2
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	Recent studies of glutamine PRPP amidotransferase have provided a new understanding of the function and mechanism of this rather complicated enzyme that may be a paradigm for other complex enzymes.	1.5
GPATase catalyzes the first step in purine biosynthesis, an amide transfer from glutamine to PRPP, resulting in phosphoribosylamine, pyrophosphate and glutamate.	Glutamine PRPP amidotransferase: snapshots of an enzyme in action.	1
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	Recent studies of glutamine PRPP amidotransferase have provided a new understanding of the function and mechanism of this rather complicated enzyme that may be a paradigm for other complex enzymes.	1
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	Glutamine PRPP amidotransferase: snapshots of an enzyme in action.	1
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	The mechanism by which these enzymes generate ammonia from the glutamine amide nitrogen and transfer it to seven different chemical classes of acceptors has been the subject of intense scrutiny for the last 5 years.	3.5
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	Amide nitrogen from glutamine is a major source of nitrogen atoms incorporated biosynthetically into other amino acids, purine and pyrimidine bases, amino-sugars, and coenzymes.	2
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	Glutamine-dependent amidotransferases have been known for more than 30 years.	1
In this process, glutamine is hydrolyzed to glutamic acid and ammonia.	The mechanism of glutamine-dependent amidotransferases.	1
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	The mechanism of glutamine-dependent amidotransferases.	1.5
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	Recent studies of glutamine PRPP amidotransferase have provided a new understanding of the function and mechanism of this rather complicated enzyme that may be a paradigm for other complex enzymes.	1
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	Glutamine-dependent amidotransferases have been known for more than 30 years.	1.5
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	The mechanism by which these enzymes generate ammonia from the glutamine amide nitrogen and transfer it to seven different chemical classes of acceptors has been the subject of intense scrutiny for the last 5 years.	1
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	The increasing number of biochemical and structural studies dealing with amidotransferases and with mechanistically related enzymes has disclosed the dichotomy of the mechanisms within these enzymes for achieving the glutamine amide bond cleavage.	1
Glutamine amidotransferases class-II (GN-AT)-GPAT- type.	Enzymes utilizing glutamine as an amide donor.	1
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	Thus, nature has adapted an existing fold with catalytic tools suitable for hydrolysis of amide bonds to the binding requirements of a peptidase.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	L-aspartyl and L-asparaginyl residues in proteins spontaneously undergo intra-residue rearrangements forming isoaspartyl/beta-aspartyl residues linked through their side-chain beta-carboxyl group with the following amino acid.	4
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	This isoaspartyl dipeptidase shows strong topological homology with the alpha-subunit of the binickel-containing ureases, the dinuclear zinc dihydroorotases, hydantoinases and phosphotriesterases, and the mononuclear adenosine and cytosine deaminases, which all are catalyzing hydrolytic reactions at carbon or phosphorous centers.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	In order to avoid accumulation of isoaspartyl dipeptides left over from protein degradation, some bacteria have developed specialized isoaspartyl/beta-aspartyl zinc dipeptidases sequentially unrelated to other peptidases, which also poorly degrade alpha-aspartyl dipeptides.	4
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	At the C termini of the beta-strands of the beta-barrel, the two catalytic zinc ions are surrounded by four His, a bridging carbamylated Lys and an Asp residue, which seems to act as a proton shuttle.	1
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	A large beta-hairpin loop protruding from the (alphabeta)(8) barrel is disordered in the free peptidase, but forms a flap that stoppers the barrel entrance to the active center upon binding of the dipeptide mimic.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase hydrolyzes the beta-L-isoaspartyl linkages in dipeptides, as part of the degradative pathway to eliminate proteins with beta-L-isoaspartyl peptide bonds, bonds whereby the beta-group of an aspartate forms the peptide link with the amino group of the following amino acid.	This structure reveals an octameric particle of 422 symmetry, with each polypeptide chain organized in a (alphabeta)(8) TIM-like barrel catalytic domain attached to a U-shaped beta-sandwich domain.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	At the C termini of the beta-strands of the beta-barrel, the two catalytic zinc ions are surrounded by four His, a bridging carbamylated Lys and an Asp residue, which seems to act as a proton shuttle.	2
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	X-ray structure of isoaspartyl dipeptidase from E.coli: a dinuclear zinc peptidase evolved from amidohydrolases.	2
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	This structure reveals an octameric particle of 422 symmetry, with each polypeptide chain organized in a (alphabeta)(8) TIM-like barrel catalytic domain attached to a U-shaped beta-sandwich domain.	4
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	L-aspartyl and L-asparaginyl residues in proteins spontaneously undergo intra-residue rearrangements forming isoaspartyl/beta-aspartyl residues linked through their side-chain beta-carboxyl group with the following amino acid.	2
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	A large beta-hairpin loop protruding from the (alphabeta)(8) barrel is disordered in the free peptidase, but forms a flap that stoppers the barrel entrance to the active center upon binding of the dipeptide mimic.	1.5
Isoaspartyl dipeptidase is an octameric enzyme that contains a binuclear zinc center in the active site of each subunit and shows a strong preference of hydrolyzing Asp-Leu dipeptides.	In order to avoid accumulation of isoaspartyl dipeptides left over from protein degradation, some bacteria have developed specialized isoaspartyl/beta-aspartyl zinc dipeptidases sequentially unrelated to other peptidases, which also poorly degrade alpha-aspartyl dipeptides.	3
Formation of this bond is a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction in nature and can profoundly effect the function of the protein.	In order to avoid accumulation of isoaspartyl dipeptides left over from protein degradation, some bacteria have developed specialized isoaspartyl/beta-aspartyl zinc dipeptidases sequentially unrelated to other peptidases, which also poorly degrade alpha-aspartyl dipeptides.	2.5
Formation of this bond is a spontaneous nonenzymatic reaction in nature and can profoundly effect the function of the protein.	Thus, nature has adapted an existing fold with catalytic tools suitable for hydrolysis of amide bonds to the binding requirements of a peptidase.	2.5
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	Second, the element of the local sequence similarity (minimally, sequence segment around the turn between the alpha-helices A and B; Fig. 1) was inserted in two different structural templates: type I and II KH domains.	1.5
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	However, the KH domain is not the first example for which the rearrangement of beta-sheet topology has been suggested.	1.5
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	The KH motif is folded into a betaalphaalphabeta unit.	4
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	Thus to discover the KH motif-containing protein with topology alphabetabetaalphaalphabetabetaalpha (a combination of both type I and II domains, four-stranded beta-sheet with four alpha-helices on one side; Fig. 1A, B, D and E), would be an argument favoring the fourth scenario.	4
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	Parallel beta-strands a and b that were included in the original definition of KH motif form hydrogen bonds with each other in the S3 structure (Fig. 1E), but are separated by the beta-strand c in maxi-KH (Fig. 1B).	3.5
The KH motif is a beta-alpha-alpha-beta-beta unit that folds into an alpha-beta structure with a three stranded beta-sheet interupted by two contiguous helices.	Indeed, the beta-strand c is the central element of the three-stranded anti-parallel beta-sheet (Fig. 1A and B).	2
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	Indeed, the beta-strand c is the central element of the three-stranded anti-parallel beta-sheet (Fig. 1A and B).	1
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	Such an arrangement results in architectural similarity between maxi- and mini-KH: both domains are built from a three-stranded beta-sheet with three alpha-helices packed on one side of it (Figs 1 and 2A).	1
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	Novel RNA-binding motif: the KH module.	4
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	The KH motif has recently been identified in single or multiple copies in a number of RNA associated proteins.	3
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	The KH consensus sequence has been implied in direct contact with nucleic acids and the recent crystal structure of nova-2 KH domain bound to a 20mer RNA hairpin confirmed this hypothesis (Fig. 2B).	4
In general, KH binds single-stranded RNA or DNA.	In summary, analysis of available spatial structures revealed that there are two different KH domains that belong to different protein folds, but share a single KH motif.	1
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	(A) Repeat 6 of vigilin [PDB (29) entry 1VIH, residues 7-76]; (B) C-terminal KH domain of hnRNP K (PDB entry 1KHM, residues A11-A89); (C) C-terminal domain of E.coli arginine repressor (PDB entry 1XXA, residues A92-A152, the first beta-strand is not shown); (D) C-terminal domain of GTPase ERA (PDB entry 1EGA, residues A186-A283); (E) N-terminal domain of ribosomal protein S3 (PDB entry 1FJF, residues C24-C106); (F) C-terminal domain of E.coli GMP synthetase (PDB entry 1GPM, residues A41***shortened***	1
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	The K homology (KH) module is a widespread RNA-binding motif that has been detected by sequence similarity searches in such proteins as heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K (hnRNP K) and ribosomal protein S3.	3
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	K homology (KH) motif was first biochemically characterized in the major pre-mRNA-binding protein K (heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K, hnRNP K) and described as a 45-amino acid repeat detected by sequence similarity in a number of RNA-binding proteins.	2
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	For example, gapped BLAST aligns the first KH domain of human hnRNP K [NCBI database gene identification number (GI) 585911, residues 35-95] taken as a query with the ribosomal protein S3 from Deinococcus radiodurans (GI:7473848) detected in the nr protein sequence database (November 2000, 582 290 sequences; 183 345 511 letters).	1.5
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	By now, we have several KH domain structures in hand, including those detected by sequence similarity in the original paper that identified the motif: hnRNP K and ribosomal protein S3.	3
K homology RNA-binding domain (KH) of the archaeal 30S small ribosomal subunit S3 protein.	Sequence similarity between KH domains of hnRNP K and ribosomal protein S3 described back in 1993 can be detected by PSI-BLAST.	2
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	Amino acid sequence alignments of orthologous ribosomal proteins found in Bacteria, Archaea, and Eukaryota display, relative to one another, an unusual segment or block structure, with major evolutionary implications.	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	The K homology (KH) module is a widespread RNA-binding motif that has been detected by sequence similarity searches in such proteins as heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K (hnRNP K) and ribosomal protein S3.	4
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	Siomi et al. note that similarity was particularly strong with ribosomal protein S3.	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	Surprisingly, the structure of the ribosomal protein S3 N-terminal domain revealed that the beta-sheet topology of the mini-KH domain is drastically different from the one established for maxi-KH (Fig. 1E).	1
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	By now, we have several KH domain structures in hand, including those detected by sequence similarity in the original paper that identified the motif: hnRNP K and ribosomal protein S3.	3.5
It is found in a wide variety of proteins including ribosomal proteins, transcription factors and post-transcriptional modifiers of mRNA.	K homology (KH) motif was first biochemically characterized in the major pre-mRNA-binding protein K (heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K, hnRNP K) and described as a 45-amino acid repeat detected by sequence similarity in a number of RNA-binding proteins.	3
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	The structure of the C-terminal KH domain of human hnRNP K has been determined by NMR spectroscopy (Fig. 1B) and the coordinates for S3 became available recently following the solution of the X-ray structure of the entire 30S ribosome subunit from Thermus thermophilus (Fig. 1E).	1
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	By now, we have several KH domain structures in hand, including those detected by sequence similarity in the original paper that identified the motif: hnRNP K and ribosomal protein S3.	1
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	Siomi et al. note that similarity was particularly strong with ribosomal protein S3.	1
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	These include ribosomal protein S3, amongst others.	1
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	In addition to the motif core, type II KH domains (e.g. ribosomal protein S3) include N-terminal extension alphabeta and type I KH domains (e.g. hnRNP K) contain C-terminal extension betaalpha.	1
S3 is part of the head region of the 30S ribosomal subunit and is believed to interact with mRNA as it threads its way from the latch into the channel.	Sequence similarity between KH domains of hnRNP K and ribosomal protein S3 described back in 1993 can be detected by PSI-BLAST.	1
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	Negative regulation of cytokine signaling and immune responses by SOCS proteins	3
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	The role of suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) proteins in regulation of the immune response.	3.5
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	The cytokine-inducible suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) proteins (also referred to as JABs, SSIs, or CISs) are negative regulators of cytokine-induced Jak/STAT signaling and inhibit phosphorylation of STATs by binding to and inhibiting Jak kinases or through interactions with receptor tyrosine kinases.	3.5
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	Suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS): negative regulators of signal transduction.	3.5
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	In this review we focus on the suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) family of cytoplasmic proteins that completes a negative feedback loop to attenuate signal transduction from cytokines that act through the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway.	3
SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) box of SOCS6-like proteins.	The cytokine-inducible Src homology 2 protein (CIS) and suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) are a family of intracellular proteins, several of which have emerged as key physiological regulators of cytokine responses, including those that regulate the inflammatory systems.	3
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	Although results of initial studies on SOCS-box proteins provided little insight into the function of the SOCS box, it had been suggested that the SOCS box might play a role in suppressing signal transduction, perhaps by inhibiting protein kinase activities, or, alternatively, that it might regulate aspects of protein metabolism such as protein stability.	3
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	The role of the SOCS box in the function of each of the SOCS proteins remains to be investigated further.	2
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	In the course of this work, we discovered that a functional BC-box is a component of the SOCS-box motif described recently.	2
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	Many recent findings indicate that the SOCS act as adaptors that regulate the turnover of certain substrates by interacting with and activating an E3 ubiquitin ligase.	3.5
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	The function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	5
The general function of the SOCS box is the recruitment of the ubiquitin-transferase system.	Thus, CIS/SOCS family proteins, as well as other SOCS-box-containing molecules, probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	4
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1 and E2.	5
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	Elongins B and C are components of the SOCS-1 complex but are not required for inhibition of Jak activity.	3
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	Thus, wild-type SOCS-1 protein is stabilized by coexpression of Elongins B and C.	3
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	In the absence of cotransfected Elongins B and C, however, 50% of SOCS-1 protein was lost within ~5 hr.	2
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	Coimmunoprecipitation experiments revealed that Elongins B and C are components of a multiprotein SOCS-1 complex that binds to Jak2.	3
The SOCS box interacts with Elongins B and C, Cullin-5 or Cullin-2, Rbx-1, and E2.	Elongins B and C were both coimmunoprecipitated with wild-type SOCS-1 (lanes 7,10).	3
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	As shown in Figure 3B, in vitro-translated Elongin BC was specifically coimmunoprecipitated with each of the in vitro-translated SOCS-box containing proteins.	2.5
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	Many recent findings indicate that the SOCS act as adaptors that regulate the turnover of certain substrates by interacting with and activating an E3 ubiquitin ligase.	4
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	The SOCS-box motif has been shown to recruit SOCS proteins to an E3 ubiquitin ligase, which results in proteasomal degradation of SOCS-binding partners.	4
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	Skp1 is also a component of several Skp1-Cdc53-F box (SCF) E3 ubiquitin ligase complexes, in which it functions as an adapter that bridges Cdc53 and F-box proteins like the WD-40 repeat proteins Cdc4p and Met30p and the leucine-rich repeat (LRR) protein Grr1.	1.5
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	To date, at least three different modulating mechanisms have been demonstrated: through the SH2 domain they bind to phosphotyrosines on the target protein, leading to inhibition of signal transduction by N-terminal inactivation of JAK, by blocking access of STAT to the receptor sites, or by SOCS box-targeting bound proteins to proteasomal degradation.	3
Therefore, SOCS-box-containing proteins probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	Thus, CIS/SOCS family proteins, as well as other SOCS-box-containing molecules, probably function as E3 ubiquitin ligases and mediate the degradation of proteins associated through their N-terminal regions.	5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	The SOCS family presently includes eight proteins that all share an amino-terminal SH2 domain and a novel ~50 amino acid carboxy-terminal domain referred to as the SOCS box.	4.5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	The CIS (cytokine-inducible SH2 protein) and SOCS (suppressors of cytokine signaling) are a family of intracellular proteins, several of which have emerged as key physiological regulators of cytokine responses, including those that regulate the inflammatory systems.	3
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	SOCS and cytokine-inducible SH2 protein (CIS) are a family of intracellular proteins, several of which have been shown to regulate the responses of immune cells to cytokines.	3
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	These studies demonstrated that the SH2 domain of SOCS-1 is critical for binding to Jak, but is not sufficient for inhibition of Jak kinase, raising the possibility that the role of the SOCS box in SOCS-box proteins might be to control directly the activities of target protein kinases or other regulatory molecules, whereas the amino-terminal SH2, Ras, WD-40 repeat, and ankyrin repeat domains might be responsible for dictating the specificity of interaction of SOCS-box proteins with the***shortened***	3
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	There are eight CIS/SOCS family proteins: CIS, SOCS1, SOCS2, SOCS3, SOCS4, SOCS5, SOCS6 and SOCS7; each has a central SH2 domain, an amino-terminal domain of variable length and sequence, and a carboxy-terminal 40-amino-acid module known as the SOCS box (Fig. 2).	4.5
Together with CIS1, the CIS/SOCS family of proteins is characterized by the presence of a C-terminal SOCS box and a central SH2 domain.	SOCS-1 was originally identified as an inhibitor of interleukin-6 signal transduction and is a member of a family of proteins (SOCS-1 to SOCS-7 and CIS) that contain an SH2 domain and a conserved carboxyl-terminal SOCS box motif.	2.5
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	To determine the precise cleavage site of pro-TNF-alpha by TACE-like activity in detergent extracts, an assay based on cleavage of an unlabelled synthetic peptide mimicking the known pro-TNF-alpha cleavage site was devised.	1
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	There are two subfamilies of adamalysins: the snake venom metalloproteases (SVMPs) and the ADAMs (proteins containing a disintegrin and metalloprotease domain).	1
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	The TACE knock-out results in perinatal lethality.	1
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	The inhibitory effects of ethylene-diamine-tetraacetic acid (EDTA) (5 mM), a zinc (and metal) chelating agent, and CH4474 (1 mug/ml), a MMP/TACE inhibitor, were studied in separate experiments.	1
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	From these data we concluded that biopsies contained TACE-like activity that cleaves a model peptide for the human TNF-alpha precursor at the correct site (fig 2 ).	1
Zinc-dependent metalloprotease; TACE-like subfamily.	As release of TNF-alpha was sensitive to both EDTA and a TACE/MMP inhibitor, we concluded that biopsies contained TACE-like activity (fig 1 ).	1
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Immunohistochemistry of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) converting enzyme (TACE) protein expression in normal human colonic mucosa.	2
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Sodium dodecyl sulphate electrophoresis showing hydrolysis of glutathione-S-transferase-pro-tumour necrosis factor alpha (GST-pro-TNF-alpha) by recombinant TNF-alpha converting enzyme (TACE) or detergent extract of cell membranes from human colonic mucosa.	1.5
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) converting enzyme (TACE) activity in detergent extracts of cell membranes from colonic mucosa from patients with ulcerative colitis (UC) or Crohn's disease (CD) and healthy controls.	2
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Western blotting of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) converting enzyme (TACE) protein immunoreactivity in detergent extract of membranes from intact biopsies (lane A), isolated epithelial cells (lane B), or purified lamina propria mononuclear cells (lane C).	1.5
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	These include the TNF-alpha converting enzyme (TACE) which releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	5
TACE, the tumor-necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme, releases soluble TNF-alpha from transmembrane pro-TNF-alpha.	Effect of protease inhibitors on tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) converting enzyme (TACE) activity in detergent extracts of cell membranes from human colonic mucosa, as measured by hydrolysis of a dinitrophenol labelled oligopeptide substrate mimicking the pro-TNF-alpha cleavage site.	2.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	The interpretation that the cell protective function of LLS1 is linked with the removal of a phototoxic chlorophyll intermediate is supported by the recent report that the maize Lls1 gene encodes pheophorbide a oxygenase (PaO).	2.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	Several biochemical studies have implicated that this step was catalyzed by an iron-containing and ferredoxin-dependent monooxygenase, pheophorbide a oxygenase (PaO).	2
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	Conservation of Lethal-leaf spot 1 (Lls1) lesion mimic gene in land plants including moss is consistent with its recently reported function as pheophorbide a oxygenase (Pao) which catalyzes a key step in chlorophyll degradation (Pruzinska et al., 2003).	2.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	The Arabidopsis CAO gene encodes a 52-kDa protein with predicted localization in the plastid compartment.	2.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	The other members are choline monooxygenase, pheophorbide a oxygenase (PAO), the protein translocon protein Tic55, and a 52-kDa protein associated with the precursor NADPH:protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase A (pPORA) translocon complex, called Ptc52.	4.5
Cao is closely related to several other plant RO's including Tic 55, a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane; Ptc 52, a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts; and LLS1/Pao (Lethal-leaf spot 1/pheophorbide a oxygenase).	Plant CAO expressed in bacteria has been reported to be active as chlorophyllide (Chlide) a oxygenase in vitro but not be active with protochlorophyllide a (Pchlide a).	2
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	A comprehensive phylogenetic analysis of Rieske and Rieske-type iron-sulfur proteins.	2
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	The Rieske-type proteins encompass a group of bacterial oxygenases and ferredoxins.	3
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	Since all these proteins contain a Rieske motif, they probably form a superfamily with one common ancestor.	3.5
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	Two protein families possessing Rieske centers have been defined.	2
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	ROs are two/three component systems: a reductase component that obtains electrons from NAD(P)H, often a Rieske ferredoxin component that shuttles the electrons and an oxygenase component that performs catalysis.	4
This domain represents the N-terminal rieske domain of the oxygenase alpha subunit.	The transfer of electrons happens from the Rieske center to the mononuclear iron of the neighboring subunit via a conserved aspartate, which is shown to be involved in gating electron transport.	1.5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	The Atlls1 lesion mimic phenotype was delayed in a chlorophyll a oxygenase (CAO) mutant chlorina1 background which is deficient in chlorophyll b synthesis.	2.5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	This gene family includes chlorophyll a oxygenase (Cao), choline monooxygenase (Cmo), the gene for a 55 kDa protein associated with protein transport through the inner chloroplast membrane (Tic 55) and a novel 52 kDa protein isolated from chloroplasts (Ptc 52).	2.5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	Activity measurements revealed that CAO catalyzes chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b conversion in vitro and that the enzyme was only slightly active with protochlorophyllide a, the nonreduced precursor of chlorophyllide a.	4.5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	Here, we report that CAO is an intrinsic Rieske iron-sulfur protein of the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes.	4.5
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	Plant CAO expressed in bacteria has been reported to be active as chlorophyllide (Chlide) a oxygenase in vitro but not be active with protochlorophyllide a (Pchlide a).	3
Cao (chlorophyll a oxygenase) is a rieske non-heme iron-sulfur protein located within the plastid-envelope inner and thylakoid membranes, that catalyzes the conversion of chlorophyllide a to chlorophyllide b.	The enzyme responsible for Chl b biosynthesis is chlorophyllide a oxygenase (CAO).	4
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	We report that CAO is a protein of the inner envelope and thylakoid membranes of Arabidopsis and barley chloroplasts.	3.5
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	In summary, our results provide strong evidence for nonredundant roles of CAO and Ptc52 as part of distinctive protein import complexes in the inner envelope of chloroplasts and highlight the existence of a branched pathway of Chlide b biosynthesis in higher plants.	2.5
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	To further test this hypothesis and to directly demonstrate the interaction of the LHCII precursor with CAO, pLhcb1 was expressed in Escherichia coli as a (His)6-containing precursor, purified on a Ni-NTA agarose column, and incubated in the presence of different Mg-GTP and Mg-ATP concentrations with Arabidopsis chloroplasts isolated from either wild-type or ch1-3 plants.	1.5
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	To assess the association of CAO with such junction complexes containing pPORA that would be indicative of redundant roles of CAO and Ptc52, 5-day-old etiolated barley plants were exposed to light for 2 h.	1.5
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	As a result, ch1-3 plants lack intact Cao gene and protein.	1
CAO is found not only in plants but also in chlorophytes and prochlorophytes.	Double protease digestions and fractionation experiments showed that 35S-CAO is located both in the inner envelope membrane and thylakoids (Fig. 9 C-E).	3
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Aromatic hydrocarbon dioxygenases in environmental biotechnology.	1
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Recently, an explosion of structural information on this class of enzymes has occurred in the literature.	1
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Our phylogenetic analysis of 95 extant non-heme dioxygenases provides a useful framework for the classification of LLS1(PAO)-related non-heme oxygenases.	1.5
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	Pchlide a differs from Chlide a by the presence of one double bond between C17 and C18 in ring D of the macrocycle.	1
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	ROs are two/three component systems: a reductase component that obtains electrons from NAD(P)H, often a Rieske ferredoxin component that shuttles the electrons and an oxygenase component that performs catalysis.	3
ROs comprise a large class of aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenases that enable microorganisms to tolerate and utilize aromatic compounds for growth.	CAO differs from Tic55, Ptc52, and PAO by its topology and the presence of a large, hydrophilic NH2-terminal domain.	1
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	Interestingly, this domain contains a binding maquette for Chl(ide) similar to that identified by Eggink and Hoober.	1
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	We hypothesize that small amounts of truncated CAO protein lacking the Rieske iron-sulfur center may accumulate in ch1-3 chloroplasts and could provide Chlide a to imported pLhcb1 and pLhcb4 via the NH2-terminal pigment sensor domain.	1.5
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	Phylogenetic analyses have revealed that CAO belongs to a large superfamily of non-heme oxygenases sharing the same conserved Rieske and mononuclear iron binding domains as those found in CAO.	3
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	The Rieske iron-sulfur center consists of a [2Fe-2S] cluster liganded to a protein via two histidine and two cysteine residues present in conserved sequences called Rieske motifs.	3
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	A bioinformatics survey of complete plant genomes reveals that LLS1(PAO) belongs to a small 5-member family of non-heme oxygenases defined by the presence of Rieske and mononuclear iron-binding domains.	3
The oxygenase alpha subunit contains an N-terminal Rieske domain with an [2Fe-2S] cluster and a C-terminal catalytic domain with a mononuclear Fe(II) binding site.	The oxygenase component structures have all shown to be of the alpha3 or alpha3beta3 types.	1.5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	Several biochemical studies have implicated that this step was catalyzed by an iron-containing and ferredoxin-dependent monooxygenase, pheophorbide a oxygenase (PaO).	3
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	Phylogenetic analyses have revealed that CAO belongs to a large superfamily of non-heme oxygenases sharing the same conserved Rieske and mononuclear iron binding domains as those found in CAO.	2.5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	We hypothesize that small amounts of truncated CAO protein lacking the Rieske iron-sulfur center may accumulate in ch1-3 chloroplasts and could provide Chlide a to imported pLhcb1 and pLhcb4 via the NH2-terminal pigment sensor domain.	1.5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	The Rieske iron-sulfur center consists of a [2Fe-2S] cluster liganded to a protein via two histidine and two cysteine residues present in conserved sequences called Rieske motifs.	3.5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	A comprehensive phylogenetic analysis of Rieske and Rieske-type iron-sulfur proteins.	1.5
The Rieske [2Fe-2S] cluster accepts electrons from a reductase or ferredoxin component and transfers them to the mononuclear iron for catalysis.	Aromatic hydrocarbon dioxygenases belong to a large family of Rieske non-heme iron oxygenases.	2
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	These also bound two molecules of AMP and ATP with positive cooperativity, but with B0.5 values that were significantly lower (gamma1) or higher (gamma3) than for gamma2 (Table 1, Figure 3, c and d).	1
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	Firstly, the A0.5 values for activation of WT and mutant versions of the alpha1beta1gamma2 complex by AMP were generally around tenfold lower than the B0.5 values for binding of AMP to the equivalent CBS1-4 constructs.	1
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	We report a total of 28,046 nucleotides of sequence, which, in addition to the CBS gene, contains approximately 5 kb of the 5' flanking region.	1
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	The 5' UTR is formed by 1 of 5 alternatively used exons and 1 invariably present exon, while the 3' UTR is encoded by exons 16 and 17.	1
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	All mutants also bound two molecules of ATP, but with changes in B0.5 and/or Hill coefficient (Figure 3b and Table 1), except for the Lins mutant, which was not significantly different from the WT.	1
The vitamin B6 complex comprises pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, as well as the 5'-phosphate esters of pyridoxal (PALP) and pyridoxamine, the last two being the biologically active coenzyme derivatives.	In fact, while both mutations did appear to cause small (twofold) increases in the Snf1/Snf4 interaction under basal conditions, removal of glucose from the medium (known to activate the SNF1 complex [ref. ]) appeared to cause further large increases in interaction with both of the mutants as well as with the WT.	1
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	The protein is composed of two domains: a TIM barrel domain that embodies the catalytic framework and a cystathione beta-synthase (CBS) dimer domain of so far unknown function.	4.5
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	The crystal structures of mammalian and bacterial IMPDH show that the enzyme is a tetramer with the CBS domain pairs on the outside, with subunit contacts being made entirely by the catalytic domains.	1
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	We also cloned and expressed DNA encoding the CBS domain pair from the chloride channel CLC2.	1
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	Using homology modeling, we show that the suppressor mutations appear to map on one face of the CBS domain.	1
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	We report the purification of two patient-derived C-terminal mutant forms of CBS, S466L and I435T, that provide new insight into the mechanism of CBS regulation and indicate a regulatory function for the "CBS domain".	3.5
It has been proposed that the CBS domain may play a regulatory role, although its exact function is unknown.	The CBS domain pairs of the CLC family are predicted to lie on the cytoplasmic side of the membrane.	1
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	In fact the second CBS domain in cystathionine beta-synthase is rather poorly conserved (ref.; see also the PFAM database, entry no. PF00571, ref.).	1.5
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	Binding of SAM by a GST fusion of the isolated CBS domain pair (residues 416-551) from cystathionine beta-synthase, and binding of SAM by a D444N mutation.	1
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	Cystathionine beta-synthase [CBS; l-serine hydro-lyase (adding homocysteine), EC 4.2.1.22] catalyzes the first committed step of transsulfuration and is the enzyme deficient in classical homocystinuria.	1
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	We now show that tandem pairs of CBS domains from AMP-activated protein kinase, IMP dehydrogenase-2, the chloride channel CLC2, and cystathionine beta-synthase bind AMP, ATP, or S-adenosyl methionine,while mutations that cause hereditary diseases impair this binding.	2
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	One possibility is that the CBS domains of cystathionine beta-synthase bind the adenosyl moiety of SAM, whereas the N-terminal heme domain is involved in binding of the methionine moiety, which is not present in ligands that bind to other CBS domain pairs.	1.5
This cd contains two tandem repeats of the cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS pair) domains associated with the pyridoxal-phosphate (PALP) dependent enzyme domain upstream.	Intriguingly, point mutations in the CBS domains of cystathionine beta-synthase, or premature termination or proteolysis that removes them, result in enzyme that no longer responds to SAM.	1
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	Our results strongly support the idea that the four tandem pairs of CBS domains in the gamma subunits of AMPK provide two allosteric binding sites for AMP and ATP in the heterotrimeric complex, one or both of which are therefore targets for development of drugs aimed at obesity and type 2 diabetes.	2.5
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	Although mutually exclusive binding to the bacterially expressed CBS domains does not prove that AMP and ATP bind to the same site, this is the simplest explanation that is also consistent with our findings that the gamma2 mutations reduced the affinity for ATP in the same order in which they reduced the affinity for AMP.	1.5
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	To examine whether binding of adenine nucleotides is a more general function for CBS domains, we also studied IMPDH.	1
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	Our results also suggest that the natural ligand for the CBS domains of CLC chloride channels is ATP, and that a mutation in CLC2 (G715E) associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy, and a mutation (G826D) equivalent to one in CLC1 that causes congenital myotonia, both lead to a severe defect in ATP binding.	1.5
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	CBS domains form energy-sensing modules whose binding of adenosine ligands is disrupted by disease mutations	1
The interface between the two CBS domains forms a cleft that is a potential ligand binding site.	Depending on the protein in which they occur, CBS domains have been proposed to affect multimerization and sorting of proteins, channel gating, and ligand binding.	2.5
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	However, recent experiments revealing that CBS domains can bind adenosine-containing ligands such ATP, AMP, or S-adenosylmethionine have led to the hypothesis that CBS domains function as sensors of intracellular metabolites.	2
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	We discovered that many patient-derived mutations are functionally suppressed by deletion of the C-terminal 142 amino acids, which contain a 53 amino acid motif known as the CBS domain.	1
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	However, IMPDH2 is 84% identical in amino acid sequence with IMPDH1, and the arginine mutated in retinitis pigmentosa is conserved.	1
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	We report here that a mutation which deletes the carboxy-terminal 145 amino acids of CBS can functionally suppress the phenotype of several CBS mutant alleles found in homocystinurics when expressed in yeast.	1
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	The molar concentrations of proteins were determined from their absorbance at 280 nm, and extinction coefficients were calculated from the amino acid sequence.	1
The members of the PALP family are principally involved in the biosynthesis of amino acids and amino acid-derived metabolites, but they are also found in the biosynthetic pathways of amino sugars and other amine-containing compounds.	Cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS), condensing homocysteine and serine, represents a key regulatory point in the biosynthesis of cysteine via the transsulfuration pathway.	1.5
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	Finally, we cloned and expressed DNA encoding the C-terminal CBS domain pair from the enzyme cystathionine beta-synthase.	2.5
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	The cystathionine-beta-synthase (CBS) domain is an evolutionarily conserved protein domain that is present in the proteome of archaebacteria, prokaryotes, and eukaryotes.	4
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	Binding of SAM by a GST fusion of the isolated CBS domain pair (residues 416-551) from cystathionine beta-synthase, and binding of SAM by a D444N mutation.	2.5
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	Cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS), condensing homocysteine and serine, represents a key regulatory point in the biosynthesis of cysteine via the transsulfuration pathway.	2
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	One possibility is that the CBS domains of cystathionine beta-synthase bind the adenosyl moiety of SAM, whereas the N-terminal heme domain is involved in binding of the methionine moiety, which is not present in ligands that bind to other CBS domain pairs.	2.5
CBS is a small domain originally identified in cystathionine beta-synthase and subsequently found in a wide range of different proteins.	Mutations in cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS) are known to cause homocystinuria, a recessive disorder characterized by excessive levels of total homocysteine (tHcy) in plasma.	1.5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	Overall, our results show that tandem pairs of CBS domains form allosteric binding sites for adenosine derivatives, i.e., AMP and ATP in the case of AMPK, ATP in the cases of IMPDH and CLC2, and SAM in the case of cystathionine beta-synthase.	2.5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats and are found in cytosolic and membrane proteins performing different functions (metabolic enzymes, kinases, and channels).	4.5
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	There is an interesting parallel here with the regulatory subunits of cAMP-dependent protein kinase, which contain two tandem binding sites for cAMP, although these are not related to CBS domains.	1
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	Crystallographic studies of bacterial CBS domains have shown that two CBS domains form an intramolecular dimeric structure (CBS pair).	4
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	Kraus and coworkers provided evidence that the CBS domains form an autoinhibitory domain whose effect is relieved by SAM binding, which is consistent with the idea that the CBS domains might represent the binding site for SAM, although this had not been directly demonstrated.	1
CBS domains usually come in tandem repeats, which associate to form a so-called Bateman domain or a CBS pair which is reflected in this model.	We therefore propose that, in most cases, tandem pairs of CBS domains form sensors of cellular energy status that act by binding AMP and/or ATP.	2.5
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	The crystal structure of a bacterial IMPDH shows that the tandem pair of CBS domains are intimately associated via hydrophobic interactions between homologous beta sheets composed of three strands from one domain and one from the other, making it very unlikely that single domains would be stable.	1.5
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	Crystallographic studies of bacterial CBS domains have shown that two CBS domains form an intramolecular dimeric structure (CBS pair).	1.5
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	Another unexpected finding was that the CBS domains of gamma2 contain two binding sites for both AMP and ATP.	1
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	Despite their clinical relevance, it remains to be established what the precise function of CBS domains is and how they affect the structural and/or functional properties of an enzyme, kinase, or channel.	1
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	DNAs encoding all four CBS domains (CBS1-4) from gamma1 (residues 42-324), gamma2 (residues 274-569), and gamma3 (residues 197-479), and the N-terminal domain pair from gamma2 (CBS1-2, residues 274-410) or the C-terminal domain pair from gamma2 (CBS3-4, residues 430-556), were amplified using the Pfu Turbo PCR kit (Stratagene, La Jolla, California, USA).	1
The CBS pair coexists with a variety of other functional domains.	Our results and those of Vanoye and George suggest that binding of ATP to the CBS domains of the CLC chloride channels is necessary before the channels will open.	1
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	The nuclear factor Acinus has been suggested to mediate apoptotic chromatin condensation after caspase cleavage.	3.5
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	This factor, Acinus, was previously described as a protein that, upon proteolytic cleavage by caspases, can induce apoptosis and chromatin condensation in pre-apoptotic cells.	4
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	As shown in Figure 4B, knocking down of Acinus did not prevent apoptotic chromatin condensation compared with control cells, but even seemed to slightly increase chromatin condensation.	3.5
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	We next examined whether deregulation of AAC-11 altered apoptotic chromatin condensation.	1
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	Here we use an in vitro system to identify a new nuclear factor, designated Acinus, which induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	4
It is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation and may also participate in nuclear structural changes occurring in normal cells.	Immunodepletion experiments showed that Acinus is essential for apoptotic chromatin condensation in vitro, and an antisense study revealed that Acinus is also important in the induction of apoptotic chromatin condensation in cells.	4
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	Although Y14 contains an apparent RNA recognition motif (RRM), this sequence is buried at the interface of Y14's interaction with Magoh, suggesting that Y14 is not involved in binding mRNA.	1.5
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	Recent observations suggest that Acinus-L contains a SAP domain, presumably involved in DNA binding with preference for A/T rich sequences.	2
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	The wild-type LZ domain of AAC-11, but not the LL/RR mutant, can form oligomers, implying that the oligomeric status of the LZ of AAC-11 is critical for its physiologic function and suggesting that targeting the oligomerization state of the LZ of AAC-11 might prevent both its antiapoptotic function and its binding to Acinus.	1.5
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	'RNA recognition motifs (RRMs)' are common domain-folds composed of 80-90 amino-acid residues in eukaryotes, and have been identified in many cellular proteins.	2
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	Notably, tethering of SAP18 to a promoter via a DNA binding domain represses transcription, suggesting that tethered SAP18 can recruit the SIN3-HDAC complex leading to transcriptional repression via histone deacetylation.	1
Acinus contains a P-loop motif and an RNA recognition motif (RRM), also termed RBD (RNA binding domain) or RNP (ribonucleoprotein domain), which indicates Acinus might have ATPase and DNA/RNA-binding activity.	While high-resolution structures have revealed principles of RNA recognition by individual RNA binding domains (RBDs), the presence of multiple RBDs in many eukaryotic proteins suggests additional modes of RNA recognition by combination and cooperation of these interactions.	2
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	As AAC-11, through binding to Acinus, prevents the apoptotic cleavage of Acinus (Figure 3A), it is possible that AAC-11 regulates Acinus role in apoptotic DNA laddering and that caspase cleavage of Acinus is required for DNA fragmentation.	3
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	Acinus has been originally implicated to function in apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspases.	4.5
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	The nuclear factor Acinus has been suggested to mediate apoptotic chromatin condensation after caspase cleavage.	4.5
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	Moreover, the wild-type peptide, without inducing spontaneous apoptosis on its own, was able to drastically increase drug-induced apoptosis and caspase-3 activation, as well as apoptotic DNA fragmentation, similar to what observed when AAC-11 was down regulated.	2.5
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	This indicates that, at least in our system, Acinus is required for apoptotic DNA fragmentation but not for chromatin condensation.	3
This subfamily corresponds to the RRM of Acinus, a caspase	3	activated nuclear factor that induces apoptotic chromatin condensation after cleavage by caspase-3 without inducing DNA fragmentation.	CAD/DFF40 induces chromatin condensation in purified nuclei, but distinct caspase-activated factor(s) may be responsible for chromatin condensation.	2
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	This review of the structure and properties of native cupredoxins, and those modified by site-directed mutagenesis, illustrates how these proteins may have evolved to specifically bind copper, develop recognition sites for specific redox partners, tune redox potential for a particular function, and allow for efficient electron transfer through the protein matrix.	2
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	In addition, the interaction of NO with copper sites has recently gained much attention.	1
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	The multi-copper protein structures have revealed interesting new features.	1
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	Nitric oxide-reductase homologue that contains a copper atom and has cytochrome c-oxidase activity from an aerobic phototrophic bacterium Roseobacter denitrificans.	2
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	The reduction of nitrite to nitric oxide in dissimilatory denitrification is carried out by copper nitrite reductases (CuNIRs) via a type 2 copper site.	3
CuNIR contains at least one type 1 copper center and a type 2 copper center in the protein.	The enzyme is similar to nitric oxide reductase, but differs in that it contains copper.	1
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	Virtually no nitric oxide reductase activity was detected in the purified enzyme.	1
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	This review of the structure and properties of native cupredoxins, and those modified by site-directed mutagenesis, illustrates how these proteins may have evolved to specifically bind copper, develop recognition sites for specific redox partners, tune redox potential for a particular function, and allow for efficient electron transfer through the protein matrix.	1.5
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	The enzyme is similar to nitric oxide reductase, but differs in that it contains copper.	1
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	Binding and activation of nitrite and nitric oxide by copper nitrite reductase and corresponding model complexes.	1.5
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	The NO reductase (NOR) of P. aerophilum belongs to the superfamily of haem-copper oxidases and is of the qNOR (quinol-dependent) type.	1
The type 2 copper center of a copper nitrite reductase is the active site of the enzyme.	Comparison between the nitric oxide reductase family and its aerobic relatives, the cytochrome oxidases.	1
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	Three types of NOR have been purified so far: cNOR (cytochrome c/pseudoazurin-dependent), qNOR and qCu(A)NOR (qNOR that contains Cu(A) at the electron entry site).	1
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	This review of the structure and properties of native cupredoxins, and those modified by site-directed mutagenesis, illustrates how these proteins may have evolved to specifically bind copper, develop recognition sites for specific redox partners, tune redox potential for a particular function, and allow for efficient electron transfer through the protein matrix.	2.5
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	In the latter electron transfer is believed to flow from the type I copper (bound by the cysteine) to the trinuclear cluster, probably via these histidine residues.	3
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	P. aerophilum is also the only denitrifyer identified so far in which menaquinol is the electron donor to all four denitrification reductases.	1
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	The protein contains heme c, heme b, and copper in a 1:2:1 stoichiometry.	1
A Cys-His bridge plays an important role in facilitating rapid electron transfer from the type 1 center to the type 2 center.	Tyr-83 has been previously implicated in NMR studies as a primary site of electron transfer.	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	In the latter electron transfer is believed to flow from the type I copper (bound by the cysteine) to the trinuclear cluster, probably via these histidine residues.	2.5
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	The reduction of nitrite to nitric oxide in dissimilatory denitrification is carried out by copper nitrite reductases (CuNIRs) via a type 2 copper site.	3.5
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	Can two of the ligands be interchanged (e.g., the upstream histidine and partially answered by the multidomain copper oxidase structure.	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	No metmyoglobin formation was detected by electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy, and microsensor measurements revealed near quantitative conversion of the nitric oxide to nitrite rather than nitrate ion.	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	Three types of NOR have been purified so far: cNOR (cytochrome c/pseudoazurin-dependent), qNOR and qCu(A)NOR (qNOR that contains Cu(A) at the electron entry site).	1
A histidine, bound to the Type 2 Cu center, is responsible for binding and reducing nitrite.	Binding and activation of nitrite and nitric oxide by copper nitrite reductase and corresponding model complexes.	1.5
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	The denitrification pathway has been studied in the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrobaculum aerophilum.	1.5
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	It may be that the copper-containing Greek key proteins represent a very small evolutionary niche.	1
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	Virtually no nitric oxide reductase activity was detected in the purified enzyme.	1
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	The structural comparison of copper-containing proteins has provided a new dimension to the relationships suggested by sequence similarities.	1
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	Nitric oxide-reductase homologue that contains a copper atom and has cytochrome c-oxidase activity from an aerobic phototrophic bacterium Roseobacter denitrificans.	1
Copper-containing nitrite reductase (CuNIR), which catalyzes the reduction of NO2- to NO, is the key enzyme in the denitrification process in denitrifying bacteria.	The enzyme is similar to nitric oxide reductase, but differs in that it contains copper.	1
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	It may be that the copper-containing Greek key proteins represent a very small evolutionary niche.	1
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	In the latter electron transfer is believed to flow from the type I copper (bound by the cysteine) to the trinuclear cluster, probably via these histidine residues.	1.5
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	This review of the structure and properties of native cupredoxins, and those modified by site-directed mutagenesis, illustrates how these proteins may have evolved to specifically bind copper, develop recognition sites for specific redox partners, tune redox potential for a particular function, and allow for efficient electron transfer through the protein matrix.	2
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	The structural comparison of copper-containing proteins has provided a new dimension to the relationships suggested by sequence similarities.	1
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	Tyr-83 has been previously implicated in NMR studies as a primary site of electron transfer.	1
A reduced type I blue copper protein (pseudoazurin) was found to be a specific electron transfer donor for the copper-containing NIR in bacteria Alcaligenes faecalis.	Hence, one might infer that the tyrosine and threonine have some role in electron transfer.	1
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	Basic leucine zipper (bZIP) transcription factors contain the most structurally simple DNA-recognition motifs, and are involved in a wide range of cellular processes, including neuronal differentiation, immune responses, and oncogenesis (i.e., tumor formation).	4.5
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	Here, we used Hac1, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae bZIP transcription factor which is involved in coordinating the cellular response to unfolded and misfolded proteins, as a model for understanding how bZIP transcription factors recognize their genomic targets.	3
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	Dimeric basic leucine zipper (bZIP) factors constitute one of the most important classes of enhancer-type transcription factors.	3.5
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	In vivo studies of Hac1i are complicated by both the very short half-life of the Hac1i isoform derived from the spliced mRNA and the tendency of bZIP transcription factors to homo- and heterodimerize.	4
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	In recent years, several studies have described dimerization preferences for bZIP factors from different species, including Homo sapiens, Drosophila melanogaster, Arabidopsis thaliana, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae.	3.5
bZIP factors act in networks of homo and heterodimers in the regulation of a diverse set of cellular processes.	Beyond summarizing bZIP dimerization preferences within selected species, we have included annotation for a solitary bZIP factor found in the primitive eukaryote, Giardia lamblia, a possible evolutionary precursor to the complex networks of bZIP factors encoded by other genomes.	3.5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	Identification of IRE1 in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae as a proximal sensor in the UPR pathway was a milestone in understanding how the ER responds to the accumulation of unfolded protein and signals transcriptional activation through regulated nonconventional splicing of its substrate mRNA encoding the transcription factor Hac1p.	5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	In the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the unfolded protein response (UPR) involves the unconventional splicing of HAC1 mRNA, which is mediated by the activated Ire1p transmembrane kinase/endonuclease.	5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	Genetic analysis of the cellular adaptation to malfolded proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum (the unfolded protein response - UPR) has revealed a novel signaling pathway initiated by activation of IRE1, an ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease.	4.5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	In S. cerevisiae, two main proteins are responsible for enacting the UPR: Ire1, a transmembrane kinase/endonuclease, and Hac1.	4.5
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	In a cascade conserved from yeast to humans, the UPR is activated through the ER-resident transmembrane kinase/endoribonuclease Ire1.	4
The UPR is initiated by the ER-resident protein kinase and endonuclease IRE1, which promotes non-conventional splicing of the HAC1 mRNA, facilitating its translation.	In yeast and other fungi, the accumulation of unfolded proteins is detected by the ER-transmembrane sensor IreA/Ire1, which responds by cleaving an intron from the downstream cytoplasmic mRNA HacA/Hac1, allowing for the translation of a transcription factor that coordinates a series of adaptive responses that are collectively known as the unfolded protein response (UPR).	5
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	Here, we use Hac1, a well-characterized basic leucine zipper (bZIP) transcription factor involved in the unfolded protein response (UPR) as a model to investigate interactions between bZIP transcription factors and their target sites.	2.5
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	Dimeric basic leucine zipper (bZIP) factors constitute one of the most important classes of enhancer-type transcription factors.	2
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	In bHLH-ZIP proteins, the addition of a leucine-zipper region immediately carboxyl-terminal to the helix-loop-helix region provides for an additional level of both dimerization specificity and control, again through the interaction of amphipathic alpha-helices.	3.5
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	A global analysis of B-ZIP leucine zipper dimerization properties can be rationalized using a limited number of structural rules [J.R. Newman, A.E. Keating, Comprehensive identification of human bZIP interactions with coiled-coil arrays, Science 300 (2003) 2097-2101].	2.5
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	A synthetic bZIP protein composed of the Gcn4 basic region fused to the C/EBP leucine zipper was shown to bind with high affinity to both cognate and alternate sites, indicating that protein architecture beyond the basic region can affect binding preferences.	2
The bZIP structural motif contains a basic region and a leucine zipper, composed of alpha helices with leucine residues 7 amino acids apart, which stabilize dimerization with a parallel leucine zipper domain.	Members of this superfamily contain a positively charged DNA binding region composed of basic residues linked to a leucine zipper sequence and homo- or hetero-dimerize via this leucine zipper.	4
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	Once activated, the endoribonuclease domain of Ire1 cleaves an unconventional intron from the HAC1 mRNA, producing a frame-shift that directs the translation of the bZIP transcription factor Hac1p that serves as the master transcriptional regulator of the UPR.	4.5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	Here, we use Hac1, a well-characterized basic leucine zipper (bZIP) transcription factor involved in the unfolded protein response (UPR) as a model to investigate interactions between bZIP transcription factors and their target sites.	4.5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	The resulting ER stress is alleviated by the unfolded protein response (UPR), a signaling pathway that is triggered by the ER-membrane sensor IreA and executed by the downstream transcription factor HacA.	4
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	HAC1 is a transcription factor related to Unfolded Protein Response (UPR) signaling in yeast.	4
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	Activation of the unfolded protein response (UPR) pathway also requires the bZIP transcription factor, Haclp.	4.5
HAC1 (also called Hac1p or HacA) is a bZIP transcription factor that plays a critical role in the unfolded protein response (UPR).	In yeast and other fungi, the accumulation of unfolded proteins is detected by the ER-transmembrane sensor IreA/Ire1, which responds by cleaving an intron from the downstream cytoplasmic mRNA HacA/Hac1, allowing for the translation of a transcription factor that coordinates a series of adaptive responses that are collectively known as the unfolded protein response (UPR).	4.5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	The spliced HAC1 mRNA encodes an active transcription factor that binds to UPR-responsive elements in the promoter of UPR target genes.	4
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	Expression of cDNA corresponding to 1.2-kb HAC1 mRNA lacking the intron constitutively activates the UPR.	2.5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	Previous reports have shown that HAC1 transcription is positively autoregulated by the Hac1 protein: Hac1p binds to UPR elements (UPRE) present in its own promoter.	3.5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	Characterization of the hac1/hacA genes encoding the UPR transcription factors from the filamentous fungi Trichoderma reesei and Aspergillus nidulans is described in this article.	2.5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	Hac1p is a trans-acting factor responsible for the UPR, transcriptional induction of genes encoding ER-localized molecular chaperones and folding enzymes in response to ER stress, in S. cerevisiae.	4.5
HAC1 binds to and activates promoters of genes that encode chaperones and other targets of the UPR.	During the UPR, the accumulation of unfolded proteins leads to unconventional splicing and subsequent translation of HAC1 mRNA, followed by transcription of UPR target genes.	3.5
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	(A) N-terminal region of Hac1i protein sequence, including proposed extended homology region (orange), basic DNA binding region (pink), beginning of leucine zipper region (blue), and region mutated via error-prone PCR (gray bar).	1
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	A hit was found based on the homology between the relatively conserved DNA binding basic leucine zipper (bZIP) domains.	2.5
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	Basic leucine zipper transcription factor Hac1 binds DNA in two distinct modes as revealed by microfluidic analyses	3.5
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	Over the last 15 years, numerous studies have addressed the structural rules that regulate dimerization stability and dimerization specificity of the leucine zipper, a dimeric parallel coiled-coil domain that can either homodimerize or heterodimerize.	3
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	Members of this superfamily contain a positively charged DNA binding region composed of basic residues linked to a leucine zipper sequence and homo- or hetero-dimerize via this leucine zipper.	4
Dimerization of leucine zippers creates a pair of the adjacent basic regions that bind DNA and undergo conformational change.	This review will focus on the dimerization specificity of coiled-coil proteins, particularly the human B-ZIP transcription family that consists of 53 proteins that use the leucine zipper coiled-coil as a dimerization motif.	3.5
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	Activation of Ire1p initiates an unconventional mRNA splicing reaction, which removes an intron from a unique mRNA species, HAC1, which encodes for an active transcription factor.	1
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	This review will focus on the dimerization specificity of coiled-coil proteins, particularly the human B-ZIP transcription family that consists of 53 proteins that use the leucine zipper coiled-coil as a dimerization motif.	2.5
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	The Gcn4L267S variant carrying an amino acid substitution in the third of the four conserved leucines of the zipper dimerization domain results in a transcription factor which is less active than wild-type Gcn4.	1.5
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	First, this binding indicates that even simple transcription factors may target specific subsets of genes under different conditions to drive complex transcriptional responses.	1
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	In Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the transmembrane protein, Ire1p, with both serine/threonine kinase and site-specific endoribonuclease activities is implicated as the sensor of unfolded proteins in the ER that transmits the signal from the ER to activate transcription in the nucleus.	1
Dimerization occurs in a specific and predictable manner resulting in hundreds of dimers having unique effects on transcription.	These amphipathic helices have been shown to enter into a wide variety of specific dimerization interactions, and this large array of possible combinatorial interactions may provide for fine control of biological function.	3.5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	Interestingly, although there is some discrepancy over the relative rates of exchange, the isolated N-terminal DH domain of Trio does not exchange as effectively as the corresponding DH/PH cassette in vitro.	1.5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a GEF domain (GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second GEF domain (GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a Kinase domain.	5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	Furthermore, deletion of the PH domain from the N-terminal DH/PH cassette of full-length Trio reduces its ability to induce neurite outgrowth in PC-12 cells through activation of RhoG.	1.5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	In contrast to Dbs, Trio, LARG, and PDZ-RhoGEF, crystals structures of the DH/PH cassettes of the Dbl-family GEFs Tiam1, intersectin, and collybistin, in complex with their cognate GTPases show little or no contact between their PH domains and their cognate GTPase.	1.5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	For example, the DH domains of both LARG and PDZ-RhoGEF exchange less efficiently on RhoA than their respective DH/PH cassette.	1.5
The longest Kalirin and Trio proteins have a Sec14 domain, a stretch of spectrin repeats, a RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF1), an SH3 domain, a second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette (also called GEF2), a second SH3 domain, Ig/FNIII domains, and a kinase domain.	Thus, to better understand the possible functional interplay between the N-terminal DH and PH domains of Trio specifically, and between DH and PH domains in general, we determined the crystal structure of the N-terminal DH/PH cassette of Trio in complex with nucleotide-depleted Rac1 (henceforth, Trio Rac1).	1.5
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	Indeed, many DH-associated PH domains have been shown to bind various phosphoinositides with micromolar affinities, and while these protein-lipid interactions are not normally considered sufficient to drive subcellular re-localization, they might provide points of membrane attachment that would favor specific conformers or orientations of DH/PH cassettes that stabilize interactions between DH-associated PH domains and GTPases necessary for full catalytic exchange.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	Another possibility that finds growing support is that DH-associated PH domains facilitate exchange through direct interactions with cognate GTPases.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	Overall, these studies substantiate a general role for DH-associated PH domains in directly engaging Rho GTPases for efficient guanine nucleotide exchange and support a parsimonious explanation for the essentially invariant linkage between DH and PH domains.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	These studies further support the general capacity of DH-associated PH domains to be active participants in the exchange process and suggest a coherent model of guanine nucleotide exchange catalyzed by Dbl-family proteins that requires the direct and cooperative engagement of DH domains, as well as their associated PH domains, by Rho GTPases for their efficient activation.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	In all cases though, the DH and PH domains would act cooperatively to integrate various cellular inputs leading to Rho GTPases activation; the PH domain would not be a simple membrane localization device, but more properly thought of as an intrinsic component of the exchange process carried out by Dbl-family proteins reacting to various cellular conditions.	1.5
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinases, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, cytoskeletal associated molecules, and in lipid associated enzymes.	Therefore, while it is not conclusive that these GEFs also require direct engagement of their cognate GTPases by their DH-associated PH domains for full exchange potential, sequence conservation shared among this set of GEFs strongly suggests this possibility.	1
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	A morphologically similar GEF1 phenotype was observed in PC12 cells, suggesting that the activity of Kalirin/Trio GEF1 has a general effect on secretory granule physiology.	3.5
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	We show that Kalirin and Trio, homologous Rho guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs), which interact with a secretory granule resident protein, modulate cargo secretion from immature granules.	3
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	In particular, published data on the Dbl-family GEF Trio and the C. elegans ortholog of Trio, UNC-73, provide strong circumstantial support for this hypothesis.	1
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	Kalirin/Trio Rho Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factors Regulate a Novel Step in Secretory Granule Maturation	4
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	We used AtT-20 cells to explore Kalirin/Trio functions related to secretory granule physiology.	3
RhoGEFs, Kalirin and Trio, the mammalian homologs of Drosophila Trio and Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-73 regulate a novel step in secretory granule maturation.	In this study we aimed to investigate the role of Kalirin/Trio in secretory granule function.	3.5
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	Unlike most Dbl-family GEFs, Trio has two DH/PH cassettes (Figure 1(a)); the first DH/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG, while the second DH/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	5
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	Previous work from this lab has shown that full-length, unprenylated Rac1 and Rac177 exhibited identical capacity to bind guanine nucleotides and to be activated by the DH/PH cassette of Tiam1 in vitro.	2
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	Thus, to better understand the possible functional interplay between the N-terminal DH and PH domains of Trio specifically, and between DH and PH domains in general, we determined the crystal structure of the N-terminal DH/PH cassette of Trio in complex with nucleotide-depleted Rac1 (henceforth, Trio Rac1).	3
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	Physiological functions of the C-terminal DH/PH cassette remain relatively unclear, but the N-terminal DH/PH cassette is critical and often sufficient for regulating neuronal development through activation of RhoG, and possibly Rac1.	4
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	For example, the DH domains of both LARG and PDZ-RhoGEF exchange less efficiently on RhoA than their respective DH/PH cassette.	1.5
The first RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette catalyzes exchange on Rac1 and RhoG while the second RhoGEF(DH)/PH cassette is specific for RhoA.	Wild-type Trio robustly activates RhoG through its N-terminal DH/PH cassette to promote neurite outgrowth in PC-12 cells.	2.5
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	Given continued uncertainty regarding functional roles of DH-associated PH domains, we have undertaken structural and functional analyses of the N-terminal DH/PH cassette of Trio.	1.5
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	In contrast, the GEF2 domains of Kalirin and Trio have no obvious effect on cytoskeletal organization or secretion.	1
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	(a) The N-terminal DH (yellow) and PH (blue) domains of Trio are bound to nucleotide-depleted Rac1 (green with switch regions in red).	1.5
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	The PH domains of Trio and Dbs interact similarly with their cognate GTPases.	1
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	Thus, to better understand the possible functional interplay between the N-terminal DH and PH domains of Trio specifically, and between DH and PH domains in general, we determined the crystal structure of the N-terminal DH/PH cassette of Trio in complex with nucleotide-depleted Rac1 (henceforth, Trio Rac1).	2
Kalirin and Trio are closely related to p63RhoGEF and have PH domains of similar function.	In this context, we set out to study the effects of the GEF1 and GEF2 domains of Kalirin and Trio on the regulated secretory pathway in AtT-20 cells.	1.5
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	An alternative possibility is that this group of PH domains achieves high-affinity binding to phosphoinositide-containing vesicles by inserting unidentified hydrophobic regions of the domain into the membrane - similar to the insertion of the 'membrane interaction loop' employed by FYVE and PX domains.	2.5
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	A few of the PH domains that bind particular phosphoinositides with high affinity and specificity have become frequently-used tools (when fused to green fluorescent protein [GFP]) for analyzing phosphoinositide distribution in cells.	4
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	In particular we describe the structural aspects of how PH domains have evolved to bind various phosphoinositides, how PH domains regulate phosphoinositide-mediated association to plasma and internals membranes, and finally raise the issue of PH domains in protein:protein interactions and the allosteric regulation of their host protein.	2
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	It can be argued that this pair of vicinal phosphates (4- and 5, or 3- and 4), seen in all high affinity PH domain/inositol phosphate complexes, make the core set of interactions that drive phosphoinositide recognition by PH domains.	2
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	Given what I have outlined above, in vitro phosphoinositide binding by these PH domains is difficult to explain, since they appear to bind similarly to all phosphoinositides tested - regardless of the presence of two vicinal phosphates.	2.5
Less than 10% of PH domains bind phosphoinositide phosphates (PIPs) with high affinity and specificity.	They are best known for their ability to bind phosphoinositides with high affinity and specificity, although it is now clear that less than 10% of all PH domains share this property.	5
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	The related PH domains from protein kinase B (PKB)/Akt, DAPP1, and the C-terminal PH domain from TAPP1 all bind both PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 and PtdIns(3,4)P2.	3
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	In our studies of the Osh2p PH domain, KD values for binding to vesicles containing PtdIns(4,5)P2, PtdIns(3,5)P2, PtdIns3P and PtdIns4P fell within the narrow range of 1-1.5muM, arguing that the presence of 3 rather than 2 phosphates does not significantly increase binding affinity, and nor does the occurrence of two vicinal phosphates.	3
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	Nonetheless, the fact that this group of PH domains binds with similar affinity to PtdIns4P and PtdIns(4,5)P2, for example, sets them apart from other PH domains, since PtdIns4P does not possess a pair of vicinal phosphate groups.	3
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	It therefore appears that high affinity and specific PH domains may be restricted to those that recognize PtdIns(4,5)P2, PtdIns(3,4)P2 and PtdIns(3,4,5)P3.	4
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	PH domains with apparent specificity for PtdIns3P, PtdIns4P, or PtdIns(3,5)P2 have been reported based on lipid overlay experiments in which binding of GST/PH domain fusion proteins to nitrocellulose filters spotted with phosphoinositides is studied.	3
PH domains are distinguished from other PIP-binding domains by their specific high-affinity binding to PIPs with two vicinal phosphate groups: PtdIns(3,4)P2, PtdIns(4,5)P2 or PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 which results in targeting some PH domain proteins to the plasma membrane.	Interestingly, high-affinity and specific recognition by PH domains has only been reported for PtdIns(4,5)P2, PtdIns(3,4)P2 and PtdIns(3,4,5)P3.	4
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	We propose that Kalirin/Trio modulate signaling during development and in pathological states.	2
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	AtT-20 cells are ideal for studying the regulated secretory pathway because the sequence of events leading from unprocessed POMC to mature peptides and their unstimulated release or storage is known in detail (Figure 4A).	1
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	For a secretory cell that produces several peptides from a common propeptide, the ability to regulate secretion from TGN and endosomes, (constitutive release), immature granules (constitutive-like release), and mature granules allows a different spectrum of biological responses.	2.5
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	Kalirin/Trio modulation of cargo secretion from immature granules provides secretory cells with an extra layer of control over the sets of peptides released.	3.5
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	On stimulation, neuroendocrine cells release the substances stored in secretory granules into the extracellular medium, initiating signaling either locally or in distant tissues.	2
This allows for fine tuning of peptides released by a single secretory cell type with impaired signaling leading to pathological states.	Kalirin/Trio RhoGEF signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	2.5
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	An alternative possibility is that this group of PH domains achieves high-affinity binding to phosphoinositide-containing vesicles by inserting unidentified hydrophobic regions of the domain into the membrane - similar to the insertion of the 'membrane interaction loop' employed by FYVE and PX domains.	2.5
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	Our recent genome-wide analysis of PH domains in yeast showed that all PH domains that bind reasonably strongly to phosphoinositides have these two basic amino acids conserved.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	(b) Residues of Dbs (arrows) that mediate contacts between its N-terminal PH domain and cognate GTPases are conserved in other Dbl-family GEFs, including Trio.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	While the residues of Dbs and Trio that mediate the interface between their PH domains and cognate GTPase are conserved only in a subset of Dbl-family GEFs, recent data shows that more distantly related Dbl-family GEFs also use their DH-associated PH domain to engage their cognate GTPases, albeit through different interactions.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	Following determination of NMR structures of PH domains from pleckstrin and beta-spectrin, and the efforts of many laboratories to identify protein targets for these small domains, Harlan et al. reported that the N-terminal PH domain from pleckstrin can bind to the phosphoinositide PtdIns(4,5)P2.	1
Any specificity is usually determined by loop regions or insertions in the N-terminus of the domain, which are not conserved across all PH domains.	The studies presented here support earlier indications that the N-terminal PH domain of Trio is required for the activation of its cognate GTPases, and together with previous studies of Dbs, provide detailed mechanistic information regarding roles of DH-associated PH domains in directly engaging GTPases for their activation in vivo.	1
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	Although the pattern of phosphate groups in the PtdIns3P headgroup is important in defining specificity, interactions with other parts of the lipid and/or membrane are required for high-affinity membrane association.	2
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	Although PH domains are usually characterized as lipid binding regions, they also participate in protein-protein interactions.	2
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	In a few cases, there are strong signs that such phosphoinositide binding is critical.	1
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	Under these circumstances, binding to the inositol phosphate headgroup of phosphoinositides by the OSBP/GPBP/FAPP1/Osh PH domains might have very low affinity and specificity - with the binding energy lost compared with other PH domains replaced by membrane penetration.	2.5
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	Additional binding energy (and specificity) is derived from hydrogen bonds made with phosphate groups outside this vicinal pair (the 1-phosphate in PtdIns(4,5)P2/Ins(1,4,5)P3 and PtdIns(3,4)P2/Ins(1,3,4)P3; the 1- and 5-phosphates in PtdIns(3,4,5)P3/Ins(1,3,4,5)P4 complexes), but the vicinal pair seems to be critical.	2
A few display strong specificity in lipid binding.	A few of the PH domains that bind particular phosphoinositides with high affinity and specificity have become frequently-used tools (when fused to green fluorescent protein [GFP]) for analyzing phosphoinositide distribution in cells.	4
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	In these cases, binding of the PH domain to its protein target may resemble that seen for well described protein-protein interactions driven by modules such as PTB and EVH domains that share the PH domain fold.	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	It is possible that protein/lipid coincidence detection of this sort is a property of many PH domains and of otherwise characterized domains that possess the remarkably common PH domain fold.	3.5
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	Consistent with sequence conservation between Dbs and Trio, the molecular interactions between the PH domain of Trio and Rac1 are analogous to those that mediate the interface between the PH domain of Dbs and Cdc42 (Figure 4(c) and (d)).	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	Pleckstrin Homology (PH) domains were first pointed out as regions of approximately 120 amino acids that share sequence similarity with two such regions in pleckstrin, a major substrate of protein kinase C in platelets.	1.5
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	Although we understand the PH domains outlined above rather well, it is important to appreciate that they constitute only a small fraction of the PH domains identified by sequence homology in the human (or other) proteome.	1
They share little sequence conservation, but all have a common fold, which is electrostatically polarized.	When expressed in AtT-20 cells, GFP with an appended signal sequence is targeted to the lumen of the secretory pathway but is stored in mature granules relatively inefficiently.	1
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	For PH domains from dynamin and from Dbl family proteins, this weak binding does appear to be functionally important, although its precise mechanistic role is unclear.	1.5
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	The burgeoning appearance of domains with the PH domain fold in alternate guises, with likely protein- or DNA-binding functions, also suggests that the function of many (if not most) PH domains may not involve phosphoinositides at all.	3
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	In our own analysis of S. cerevisiae PH domains, we found that the Osh1p PH domains was clearly Golgi-localized when analyzed as a GFP fusion proteins, whereas other PH domains with identical in vitro phosphoinositide-binding characteristics (notably the Skm1p PH domain) were associated with the plasma membrane.	2
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	PH domains with apparent specificity for PtdIns3P, PtdIns4P, or PtdIns(3,5)P2 have been reported based on lipid overlay experiments in which binding of GST/PH domain fusion proteins to nitrocellulose filters spotted with phosphoinositides is studied.	2
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	A very small proportion of PH domains bind phosphoinositides with high affinity and specificity, and drive their host proteins to particular cellular membranes in a way that can be precisely regulated.	3.5
PH domains have diverse functions, but in general are involved in targeting proteins to the appropriate cellular location or in the interaction with a binding partner.	This experience has been repeated with many mammalian PH domains, and indeed with many putative phosphoinositide proteins in general.	1.5
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	In this context, we set out to study the effects of the GEF1 and GEF2 domains of Kalirin and Trio on the regulated secretory pathway in AtT-20 cells.	2
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	Thus GEF1 effects on the regulated secretory pathway are not unique to AtT-20 cells and are a general feature in secretory cells.	2
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	Although it has been reported that Rac1 activation enhances stimulated secretion from chromaffin cells, other studies suggested that inactivation of Rac1 and other Rho proteins lead to increased stimulated release of regulated secretory cargo.	2
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	Effects of GEF1-like activity modulation on the regulated secretory pathway.	1
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	A more general role for RhoGEFs in the regulated secretory pathway has not been explored.	2.5
Their signaling modulates the extent to which regulated cargo enter and remain in the regulated secretory pathway.	The identity of RhoGEFs involved in the regulated secretory pathway and their regulation have not been extensively explored.	2
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	These studies further support the general capacity of DH-associated PH domains to be active participants in the exchange process and suggest a coherent model of guanine nucleotide exchange catalyzed by Dbl-family proteins that requires the direct and cooperative engagement of DH domains, as well as their associated PH domains, by Rho GTPases for their efficient activation.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	Indeed, many DH-associated PH domains have been shown to bind various phosphoinositides with micromolar affinities, and while these protein-lipid interactions are not normally considered sufficient to drive subcellular re-localization, they might provide points of membrane attachment that would favor specific conformers or orientations of DH/PH cassettes that stabilize interactions between DH-associated PH domains and GTPases necessary for full catalytic exchange.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	Another possibility that finds growing support is that DH-associated PH domains facilitate exchange through direct interactions with cognate GTPases.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	A key role for such interactions in cell signaling was revealed when certain PH domains were found to be recruited transiently to the plasma membrane following activation of phosphoinositide 3-kinase signaling pathways by a wide array of cell surface agonists.	1.5
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	The inherent flexibility between DH and PH domains would be restricted under controlled cellular conditions, i.e., at membranes and upon the binding of specific phosphoinositides to the PH domain, which would favor productive engagement of both portions of the cassette with cognate GTPases.	1
PH domains are found in cellular signaling proteins such as serine/threonine kinase, tyrosine kinases, regulators of G-proteins, endocytotic GTPases, adaptors, as well as cytoskeletal associated molecules and in lipid associated enzymes.not conserved across all PH domains.	Given the highly conserved position of PH domains directly adjacent to DH domains, it is likely that other Dbl-family GEFs also use their DH-associated PH domains to directly engage their cognate GTPases to facilitate guanine nucleotide exchange.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	(A) NPPD inhibits Kalirin and Trio GEF1 activity in cells.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	Kalirin and Trio isoforms are expressed in secretory tissues and cell lines.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	However, to date the role of Kalirin and Trio in this context has been only modestly explored.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	Thus, NPPD is effective in living cells, but does not discriminate between Kalirin and Trio GEF1.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	The multidomain structure of Kalirin and Trio is suggestive of complex regulation.	1
Kalirin and Trio are encoded by separate genes in mammals and by a single one in invertebrates.	The domain structures of the various Kalirin and Trio isoforms are depicted.	1
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	The GEF1 domain of Kalirin and Trio is the region of highest homology.	1
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	Kalirin and Trio isoforms are expressed in secretory tissues and cell lines.	3
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	(A) NPPD inhibits Kalirin and Trio GEF1 activity in cells.	1
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	Specific inhibition of GEF1 activity would be a more reliable method to test the role of endogenous Kalirin and Trio GEF1 domains in the regulated pathway without disrupting the functions of other domains of these complex molecules.	1.5
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	These data, together, indicate that Kalirin and Trio splice variants are expressed in secretory tissues and are differentially associated with TGN, endosomes, and immature granules.	3
Kalirin and Trio share the same complex multidomain structure and display several splice variants.	However, to date the role of Kalirin and Trio in this context has been only modestly explored.	1
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	The molecular mechanisms that interpret these signals involve networks of intracellular signaling proteins that coordinate a variety of responses to the environment, including remodeling and assembly of the actin cytoskeleton.	3
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	Trio is a large, evolutionarily conserved Dbl-family GEF that is best characterized for its role in regulating neurite outgrowth.	3.5
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	Rho GTPases are established regulators of actin cytoskeletal dynamics, thus changes in cell shape were expected upon overexpression of the isolated GEF1 domain of Kalirin or Trio.	2.5
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	These shape changes were accompanied by rearrangement of the actin cytoskeleton (Supplementary Figure S1).	2
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	As in AtT-20 cells, GEF1 overexpression in PC12 cells produced cell flattening and alterations in the actin cytoskeleton (not shown).	1
Trio plays an essential role in regulating the actin cytoskeleton during axonal guidance and branching.	Recent functional studies of the Trio family of guanine-nucleotide-exchange factors reveal that Trio proteins play a vital role in neuronal cell migration and axon guidance.	4
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	The data presented here lead us to speculate that UBXN7 is not only a ubiquitin-binding adaptor for p97, but it may also embody a novel mechanism of CRL inhibition.	3.5
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	Hierarchical binding of cofactors to the AAA ATPase p97.	1
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	The hexameric AAA ATPase p97 is involved in several human proteinopathies and mediates ubiquitin-dependent protein degradation among other essential cellular processes.	2
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	In the ubiquitin-proteasome system, a subset of ubiquitylated proteins requires the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) for extraction from membranes or protein complexes before delivery to the proteasome for degradation.	2.5
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	In particular, human UBXN7 (also known as UBXD7) mediates p97 interaction with the transcription factor HIF1alpha that is actively ubiquitylated in normoxic cells by a CUL2-based E3 ligase, CRL2.	4.5
UBXD7, also known as UBXN7, functions as a ubiquitin-binding adaptor that mediates the interaction between the AAA+ ATPase p97 (also known as VCP or Cdc48) and the transcription factor HIF1alpha.	To understand the functional consequences of UBXN7 interaction with neddylated cullins, we focused on HIF1alpha, a CUL2 substrate that uses UBXD7/p97 as a ubiquitin-receptor on its way to proteasome-mediated degradation.	3.5
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	At the N-terminus of UBXN7 there is a UBA domain, followed by a UAS domain of unknown function, a UIM motif and a UBX domain at the C-terminus (Figure 3A).	5
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	In contrast, another UBA-UAS-UBX protein, FAF1, only interacted with slower migrating HIF1alpha (Figure 6A), similar to UBXN7 lacking the UIM motif (Figure 5D).	2
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	UBA - Ubiquitin-associated; UIM - Ubiquitin-interacting motif; UBL - Ubiquitin-like; ThF - Thioredoxin-like fold.	1
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	UBA, ubiquitin-associated domain, UAS, UAS/Thioredoxin-like fold domain, UIM, ubiquitin-interacting motif, UBX, ubiquitin regulatory X domain.	2
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	Conversely, Flag-NPL4 coimmunoprecipitated UBA-UBX proteins, with most peptides identified for the UBA-UAS-UBX proteins, UBXD8, UBXD7, and FAF1 (data not shown).	2
UBXD7 contains the ubiquitin-associated (UBA), ubiquitin-associating (UAS), ubiquitin regulatory X (UBX), and ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) domains.	To investigate whether any of these domains was required for UBXN7 interaction with CUL2, we compared the ubiquitin- and CUL2-binding capability of several UBXN7 variants, including wild-type, a point mutant in the UBX domain (P459G), and truncation mutants lacking either the UBA, the UAS, the UIM or the UBX domain (Figures 3B and 3C).	4
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	We recently reported that UV induced, Cul3-dependent proteolysis of the large subunit of RNA polymerase II (Rpb1) depends on the Cdc48 cofactor Ubx5 . Ubx5, like UBXD7, contains UBA, UAS, UBX, and UIM domains (Supplementary Fig. 5a and b), which is consistent with the suggestion that it is the yeast equivalent of mammalian UBXD7 . Moreover, Ubx5 binds yeast Cul3 , which associates with ElonginC and therefore is functionally most closely related to human CUL2/CUL5 . To test directly wh***shortened***	2.5
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	Because UBXN7 preferentially interacted with neddylated-CUL2 and cullin-neddylation was a prerequisite for the interaction to occur, we became intrigued with the possibility that the NEDD8 modification on cullins might be directly involved in recruiting UBXN7.	4
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	These data strongly support the notion that the UIM motif of UBXN7 is specialized in recognizing NEDD8 and can directly engage the NEDD8 modification on cullins.	4.5
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	UBXD7, and its yeast ortholog Ubx5, associate only with the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	5
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	We therefore established that UBXN7 can directly interact with cullins in vitro and confirmed that the UIM-NEDD8 contact has a contribution, albeit not as important as observed using cell extracts.	4.5
It binds only to the active, NEDD8- or Rub1-modified form of cullins.	This experiment also clarifies that the UIM motif recognizes the NEDD8 modification per se rather than the neddylated conformation of cullins.	3
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	In our efforts to understand how the p97 pathway is linked to CRLs we discovered that the UBA-UBX protein UBXD7 selectively associated with neddylated cullins.	3.5
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	Here we show that UBXN7 interaction with cullins is not mediated by its ubiquitylated substrates, but involves the direct docking of the UIM motif in UBXN7 onto the neddylated cullins.	4.5
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	This experiment also clarifies that the UIM motif recognizes the NEDD8 modification per se rather than the neddylated conformation of cullins.	3
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	UBXD7 is the only p97 adaptor with an UIM, and this motif enables UBXD7 and its yeast ortholog Ubx5 to bind neddylated cullins.	4
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	Thus, the UIM motif allows docking of UBXN7 on neddylated-cullins, the UBA domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, and the UBX domain recruits the p97 complex (Figure 7).	4.5
Either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	In principle, either UBA or UIM could serve as a docking site for neddylated-cullins.	5
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	UBXD7 has now been shown, in parallel studies by the Alexandru and Deshaies groups, to bind directly to CRLs through a predicted ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM) lying between its p97-interaction UBX domain and a UAS (ubiquitin-associating) domain of unknown function adjacent to its ubiquitin-binding UBA (ubiquitin-associated) domain (Figure 2).	4.5
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	Previous analysis has linked the p97 pathway to Cullin-RING ubiquitin Ligases (CRLs); here we demonstrate that the p97 cofactor UBXD7 mediates the p97-CRL interaction through its conserved ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM).	3
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	The proteins from the UBA-UBX family interact with ubiquitylated proteins via their UBA domain and with p97 via their UBX domain, thereby acting as substrate-binding adaptors for the p97 ATPase.	4
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	At the N-terminus of UBXN7 there is a UBA domain, followed by a UAS domain of unknown function, a UIM motif and a UBX domain at the C-terminus (Figure 3A).	3.5
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	Thus, the UIM motif allows docking of UBXN7 on neddylated-cullins, the UBA domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, and the UBX domain recruits the p97 complex (Figure 7).	5
Moreover, UBA-like domain is required for binding ubiquitylated-protein substrates, UIM motif is responsible for the binding to cullin RING ligases (CRLs), and UBX domain is essential for p97 binding.	The starting point for the recent investigations was a mass spectrometry study by Alexandru and colleagues in Raymond Deshaies' group that revealed a far-reaching interaction network between p97 and a large number of E3 ligases, including cullin RING ligases (CRLs).	1.5
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	For gamma-radiation, cells were exposed to a 137Cs source at the indicated doses.	1
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	The Sterile-20 or Ste20 family of serine/threonine kinases is a group of signaling molecules whose physiological roles within mammalian cells are just starting to be elucidated.	1.5
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	It was found that after 16 h of transfection the cells had shrunk, and finally became rounded when transfected with wild-type or mutant K57A genes encoding either the kinase domain (residues 1-376) or the full-length molecule (residues 1-1001).	1
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	Kinase assays were in 30 mul reactions containing 10 mM MgCl2, 5 muM ATP, 15 cpm/fmol [gamma-32P] ATP, 1 mM DTT, and 10 mM HEPES (pH 7.5), and ~10 pmol recombinant substrates or 5 mug of myelin basic protein (MBP).	1
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	ATM-bound and TAO-bound beads were mixed in 20 mul kinase buffer with 5 muM ATP (15 cpm/fmol [gamma-32P] ATP).	1
STKs catalyze the transfer of the gamma-phosphoryl group from ATP to serine/threonine residues on protein substrates.	Two such substrates are Chk1 (phosphorylated on Ser317 and Ser345 by ATR) and Chk2 (phosphorylated on Thr68 by ATM), protein kinases that engage the G1/S, intra-S phase and G2/M cell cycle checkpoints in response to DNA damage.	1
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	Inactive MEK3 inhibited p38 activation 50% or less (Figure 2E).	1.5
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	The relative contributions of MEK3 and 6 in p38 activation by DNA damage are poorly defined.	2
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	The activation of and binding to MEK3 by TAO1 implicates TAO1 in the regulation of the p38-containing stress-responsive MAP kinase pathway.	4.5
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	Overexpression of any of a number of SQ/TQ mutants of TAO1 resulted in up to 50% inhibition of p38 activation by IR, suggesting that these sites on TAO1 are important in p38 activation (Figure 6C).	3
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	TAO1 activity was assayed by autophosphorylation and phosphorylation of MEK3 KM.	3.5
TAO1 activates the p38 MAPK through direct interaction with and activation of MEK3.	TAOs regulate p38 via their ability to phosphorylate and activate the MAPK kinases MEK3 and 6.	5
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	In a functional genomic screen targeting human kinases and phosphatases, we identified a microtubule affinity-regulating kinase kinase, TAO1 (also known as MARKK) as an important regulator of mitotic progression, required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	4
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	Defects in chromosome-microtubule attachment trigger spindle-checkpoint activation and delay mitotic progression.	1
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint kinase BubR1 and promotes enrichment of the checkpoint protein Mad2 at sites of defective attachment, providing evidence for a regulatory step that precedes the proposed Mad2-Mad1 dependent checkpoint-signal amplification step.	4
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	A functional genomic screen identifies a role for TAO1 kinase in spindle-checkpoint signalling.	3.5
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	In contrast to control cells which arrested in G2, a higher proportion of UV-treated cells depleted of TAO1 or TAO3 entered mitosis, indicating a role for these kinases in damage-induced arrest (Figure 5A and B).	3
TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint proteins BubR1 and Mad2, and plays an important role in regulating mitotic progression, which is required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	(B) Quantitation of mitotic cells in TAO1 and TAO3 knockdown cells (upper panel, UV; lower panel, IR).	1.5
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	The TAO (for thousand-and-one amino acids) protein kinases activate p38 mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase cascades in vitro and in cells by phosphorylating the MAP/ERK kinases (MEKs) 3 and 6.	2
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	TAOs have been implicated in regulation of cytoskeleton stability, G protein-coupled receptor signaling to p38, and cell survival.	2
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	Isolation of TAO1, a protein kinase that activates MEKs in stress-activated protein kinase cascades.	2.5
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	TAOs are MAP3Ks in the p38 MAPK cascade that were originally identified based on their kinase domain similarity to the yeast Ste20p MAP4K.	2
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	TAOs regulate p38 via their ability to phosphorylate and activate the MAPK kinases MEK3 and 6.	2
MAPK signaling cascades are important in mediating cellular responses to extracellular signals.	p38 is activated robustly by UV because multiple signaling pathways are triggered when this agent stresses the cell.	2
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	TAO1 interacts with the checkpoint kinase BubR1 and promotes enrichment of the checkpoint protein Mad2 at sites of defective attachment, providing evidence for a regulatory step that precedes the proposed Mad2-Mad1 dependent checkpoint-signal amplification step.	1.5
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	Taken together, these studies suggest that TAO protein kinases relay signals from carbachol through heterotrimeric G proteins to the p38 MAP kinase, which then activates TCFs in the nucleus.	1.5
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	Here, in this report we present the characterization of three human Ste20-like kinases with greater than 90% similarity within their catalytic domains that define a novel subfamily of Ste20s.	1.5
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	Members of this kinase family include rat thousand and one (TAO1) and chicken KFC (kinase from chicken).	2
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	In vitro, it activated MAP/extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK) kinases (MEKs) 3, 4, and 6 of the stress-responsive MAP kinase pathways, but not MEK1 or 2 of the classical MAP kinase pathway.	1
The TAO1 subfamily is part of a larger superfamily that includes the catalytic domains of other STKs, protein tyrosine kinases, RIO kinases, aminoglycoside phosphotransferase, choline kinase, and phosphoinositide 3-kinase.	TAO (thousand-and-one amino acid) protein kinases mediate signaling from carbachol to p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase and ternary complex factors.	1.5
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	We have reported previously that human prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase (PSK) 1 alters actin cytoskeletal organization and binds to microtubules, regulating their organization and stability.	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	The activation of and binding to MEK3 by TAO1 implicates TAO1 in the regulation of the p38-containing stress-responsive MAP kinase pathway.	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	HeLa cells were transfected with FLAG-ATM and kinase-dead HA-TAO1 (A) or Myc-TAO3 (B).	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	PSK2 also stimulated the cleavage of Rho kinase-1 (ROCK-I), and the activity of ROCK-I was required for PSK2 to induce cell contraction and membrane blebbing.	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	Isolation of TAO1, a protein kinase that activates MEKs in stress-activated protein kinase cascades.	1
TAO1 is sometimes referred to as prostate-derived sterile 20-like kinase 2 (PSK2).	Members of this kinase family include rat thousand and one (TAO1) and chicken KFC (kinase from chicken).	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	Recombinant TAO1 was expressed and purified from Sf9 cells.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	TAO1 activated MEK3 but not MEK4 or MEK6 in transfected cells.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	Northern analysis shows TAO1 is highly expressed in brain, as is a homolog TAO2.	4
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	Cells were transfected individually with either ATM or inactive TAO1 or TAO3.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	A functional genomic screen identifies a role for TAO1 kinase in spindle-checkpoint signalling.	1
TAO1 is highly expressed in the brain and may play a role in neuronal apoptosis.	ATM may play a role in the activation of p38 by IR.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	Recombinant TAO1 was expressed and purified from Sf9 cells.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	TAO1 activity was assayed by autophosphorylation and phosphorylation of MEK3 KM.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	Cells were transfected individually with either ATM or inactive TAO1 or TAO3.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	MEK3 coimmunoprecipitated with TAO1 when they were expressed in 293 cells.	1
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	In a functional genomic screen targeting human kinases and phosphatases, we identified a microtubule affinity-regulating kinase kinase, TAO1 (also known as MARKK) as an important regulator of mitotic progression, required for both chromosome congression and checkpoint-induced anaphase delay.	2.5
TAO1 may play a role in protecting genomic stability.	A functional genomic screen identifies a role for TAO1 kinase in spindle-checkpoint signalling.	3
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	Many cellular stressors like heat shock, osmotic stress, and microtubule depolymerization induce cell cycle arrest via robust activation of p38 MAP kinase (MAPK).	1.5
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	TAOs are MAP3Ks in the p38 MAPK cascade that were originally identified based on their kinase domain similarity to the yeast Ste20p MAP4K.	4.5
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	Taken together, these studies suggest that TAO protein kinases relay signals from carbachol through heterotrimeric G proteins to the p38 MAP kinase, which then activates TCFs in the nucleus.	2
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	Inactive MEK1 and MEK5, coupled to the ERK1/2 and ERK5 MAPK pathways, respectively, had little effect on p38 activity (data not shown).	1
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	Thousand and one amino acid (TAO) kinases are Ste20p-related MAP kinase kinase kinases (MAP3Ks) that activate p38 MAPK.	5
TAO proteins possess MAPK kinase kinase activity.	It is concluded that human TAO kinase 1 induces apoptosis in SH-SY5Y cells and the kinase domain is essential, but its catalytic activity seems to be dispensable in this case.	1.5
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	Myosin XXX homologs in E. siliculosus have a C-terminal PH domain and P. infestans homologs have a PX domain.	1
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	This head domain is accompanied by a broad diversity of N-terminal and/or C-terminal domains that bind to different molecular cargos, providing the functional specificity of the protein.	2.5
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	Also, whereas conformational changes in the myosin catalytic domain are amplified by a long lever arm that connects it to the stalk domain, kinesin and ncd do not appear to possess a structure with a similar function but may rely on biased diffusion in order to move along microtubules.	1
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	This resulted in a matrix containing 353 amino acid residues, belonging to the Myosin-head domain (as this is the only conserved domain across all myosin classes).	2.5
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	This is the case, for example, of myosin class XXVII, which is expanded in both the oomycete P. infestans and the alveolate Perkinsus marinus, with unique protein domain architectures.	1
The catalytic (head) domain has ATPase activity and belongs to the larger group of P-loop NTPases.	Abbreviations for the domains are: AAA, ATPase family associated with various cellular activities; DnaJ domain, named after the prokaryotic heat shock protein DnaJ; RhoGEF, Rho GDP/GTP exchange factor.	1
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	The spatial relation between the ATP binding pocket on myosin and the major contact area on actin suggests a working hypothesis for the crossbridge cycle that is consistent with previous independent structural and biochemical studies.	2.5
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	The observation that myosin can populate multiple states in the absence of actin has nonetheless led to significant insights.	1.5
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	Structure of the actin-myosin complex and its implications for muscle contraction.	2.5
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	The structure of myosin is known, but the actin-binding site is not well defined, and the mechanisms by which actin activates ATP hydrolysis by myosin, and myosin moves relative to the actin filament, developing force, are not fully understood.	3
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	However, myosin proteins form numerous and specific interactions with actin filaments, plasma membrane, and numerous secondary protein complexes.	2.5
A cyclical interaction between myosin and actin provides the driving force.	High-resolution structures of the motor domain of myosin II and lower resolution actin-myosin structures have led to the "swinging lever arm" model for myosin force generation.	3
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	The domain organizations of these myosins have been described elsewhere but classes have not been assigned yet.	1
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	The class-XXII myosins are defined by two tandem MyTH4 and FERM domains.	1
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	Myosins are typically classified based on phylogenetic analyses of the motor domain.	1.5
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	The sequence names of the ophan myosins are given in the motor domain of the respective myosins.	1.5
These myosins are found in fish, chicken, and mollusks.	Thus, it is not possible to name these myosins consistently in an alphabetical manner and to provide consistency for the future.	1
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	Conserved residues in the motor domain have been positioned within the framework provided by the recent crystal structures, thus helping to define those residues involved in actin and ATP binding, in hydrolysis and in conformational change.	2.5
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	The three-dimensional structure of the head portion of myosin, or subfragment-1, which contains both the actin and nucleotide binding sites, is described.	2
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	They bind to filamentous actin and produce physical forces by hydrolyzing ATP and converting chemical energy into mechanical force.	2.5
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	The structure of myosin is known, but the actin-binding site is not well defined, and the mechanisms by which actin activates ATP hydrolysis by myosin, and myosin moves relative to the actin filament, developing force, are not fully understood.	2.5
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	(2) The kinetic scheme underlying ATP turnover resembles those of myosins I and II but with rate constants tuned to favor strong binding to actin.	2
ATP hydrolysis causes the head to pivot and associate with a new actin subunit.	(3) Myosin V walks in strides averaging approximately 36 nm, the long pitch pseudo-repeat of the actin helix, each step coupled to a single ATP hydrolysis.	1.5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	The evolution of molecular motors was key to the origin and diversification of the eukaryotic cell.	3
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	The first two act as motors on microtubule filaments, while myosins function on actin.	2.5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Myosins participate in a variety of cellular processes, including cytokinesis, organellar transport, cell polarization, transcriptional regulation, intracellular transport, and signal transduction.	4
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Structure of the actin-myosin complex and its implications for muscle contraction.	2.5
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	BACKGROUND: Myosins are motors that use energy supplied by ATP to travel along actin filaments.	4
Myosins are actin-dependent molecular motors that play important roles in muscle contraction, cell motility, and organelle transport.	Muscle contraction consists of a cyclical interaction between myosin and actin driven by the concomitant hydrolysis of adenosine triphosphate (ATP).	2.5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	Muscle contraction consists of a cyclical interaction between myosin and actin driven by the concomitant hydrolysis of adenosine triphosphate (ATP).	4
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	BACKGROUND: Myosins are motors that use energy supplied by ATP to travel along actin filaments.	4
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	The double-headed class-V myosins are good candidates for transporting vesicles, organelles and (mRNA) particles along actin filaments.	1.5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	They are characterized by a motor domain that binds to actin in an ATP-dependent manner, a neck domain consisting of varying numbers of IQ motifs, and amino-terminal and carboxy-terminal domains of various lengths and functions.	3.5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	Such a unitary displacement, the largest molecular step size measured to date, is required for a processive myosin motor to follow a linear trajectory along a helical actin track.	2.5
The head domain is a molecular motor, which utilizes ATP hydrolysis to generate directed movement toward the plus end along actin filaments.	The unique class VI myosins move toward the minus end of actin filaments, in contrast to all other known myosins.	2
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	CyMoBase, which we have developed to provide access to all myosin sequence data, uses the new nomenclature, provides links to previously used names, and can be used as reference.	4.5
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	Nodes that we propose base on the analysis of the myosins are represented by open circles.	1.5
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	The myosins are separated into 35 classes.	2
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	The data for the myosins is now strong enough that all designated classes are well supported.	1.5
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	All sequence-related data (names, corresponding species, GenBank IDs, alternative names, corresponding publications, domain predictions, and sequences) and references to genome sequencing centers are available through CyMoBase.	4.5
CyMoBase classifications were used to confirm and identify the myosins in this hierarchy.	We hope that CyMoBase, which stores and presents all related information, will be an invaluable tool in all areas of myosin and motor protein research, and in classical taxonomy.	4
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	(3) Myosin V walks in strides averaging approximately 36 nm, the long pitch pseudo-repeat of the actin helix, each step coupled to a single ATP hydrolysis.	2.5
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	Assuming the unikont-bikont root, our analyses demonstrate that many groups underwent secondary losses, with two extreme cases of complete loss of the myosin toolkit in the following: 1) metamonads (including Trichomonas vaginalis and Giardia lamblia) and 2) rhodophytes (including the unicellular Cyanidioschyzon merolae and the multicellular alga Chondrus crispus) (figs. 4 and 5).	1
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	According to our reconstruction, LECA had the following: 1) an ancestral myosin I (progenitor paralog of the myosin I a/b/c/h/d/g/k ortholog subfamilies) with an architecture consisting of a myosin head domain followed by 0 to 2 IQ repeats and a C-terminal myosin TH1 domain; 2) a myosin If, with a myosin head domain followed by a myosin TH1 domain and a C-terminal SH3 domain; 3) a myosin II, with a myosin N-terminal domain, a myosin motor domain, 0 to 1 IQ domains and a myosin tail do***shortened***	2
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	High-resolution structures of the motor domain of myosin II and lower resolution actin-myosin structures have led to the "swinging lever arm" model for myosin force generation.	2.5
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	The structure of myosin is known, but the actin-binding site is not well defined, and the mechanisms by which actin activates ATP hydrolysis by myosin, and myosin moves relative to the actin filament, developing force, are not fully understood.	2.5
Myosin II moves in discrete steps about 5-10 nm long and generates 1-5 piconewtons of force.	Metazoans have two subclasses of myosin II, referred to here as smooth (Myo2) and striated (Myo11/zipper) muscle myosins (fig. 1), which have been shown to have architectural differences in the composition of their coiled-coil domains and to have originated most likely at the stem of Holozoa, although striated muscle myosin was later lost in unicellular holozoans.	2.5
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	By combining the data obtained from optical trap assays with that from ensemble biochemical and mechanical assays, this review discusses the fundamental properties of the myosin-II power stroke and, perhaps more significantly, how these properties are governed by this molecule's atomic structure and the biochemical transitions that define its catalytic cycle.	2.5
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	ML tree of MyTH4-FERM myosin head domains.	1.5
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	Both activities reside in the myosin head domain (PF00063).	2
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	ML tree of myosin head domains.	2
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	A phylogenetic comparison of their head sequences has allowed them to be grouped into 15 different classes.	1
The release of Pi causes the head to pivot and move the filament (power stroke).	The three-dimensional structure of the head portion of myosin, or subfragment-1, which contains both the actin and nucleotide binding sites, is described.	1.5
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	It is possible that the myosin lever arm could complete its swing before strong binding to actin and force generation--a process that would correspond, in the absence of load, to a Brownian ratchet.	3
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	The three-dimensional structure of the head portion of myosin, or subfragment-1, which contains both the actin and nucleotide binding sites, is described.	2.5
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	The spatial relation between the ATP binding pocket on myosin and the major contact area on actin suggests a working hypothesis for the crossbridge cycle that is consistent with previous independent structural and biochemical studies.	3
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	(2) The kinetic scheme underlying ATP turnover resembles those of myosins I and II but with rate constants tuned to favor strong binding to actin.	2
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	A model for the rigor complex of F actin and the myosin head was obtained by combining the molecular structures of the individual proteins with the low-resolution electron density maps of the complex derived by cryo-electron microscopy and image analysis.	2
Upon ATP binding, the myosin head dissociates from an actin filament.	(3) Myosin V walks in strides averaging approximately 36 nm, the long pitch pseudo-repeat of the actin helix, each step coupled to a single ATP hydrolysis.	2
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	The tail regions of class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region and an SH2 domain.	5
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	So far, class-XXVIII myosins have been identified only in the sea anemone Nematostella vectensis, the frog Xenopus tropicalis, Gallus gallus, and some fishes.	2.5
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	Class-XXXIV myosins are composed of one IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, five tandem Ankyrin repeats, and a carboxy-terminal FYVE domain.	2
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	So far, class-XX has been found only in arthropods and the sea urchin Strongylocentrotus purpuratus and consists of myosins with a long, coiled-coil region containing an amino-terminal domain and a short neck composed of one IQ motif.	2
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	Seven sequences contain SH2 domains as have been found in the class-XXVIII myosins.	3.5
The tail regions of these class-XXVIII myosins consist of an IQ motif, a short coiled-coil region, and an SH2 domain.	The wasp Nasonia vitripennis has an orphan myosin that has a similar domain organization to the class-V and class-XI myosins, although it has less IQ motifs and its coiled-coil region is considerably shorter.	2
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	ADP release precedes dissociation from actin and is rate-limiting in the cycle.	3.5
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	The spatial relation between the ATP binding pocket on myosin and the major contact area on actin suggests a working hypothesis for the crossbridge cycle that is consistent with previous independent structural and biochemical studies.	2
Release of ADP completes the cycle.	By combining the data obtained from optical trap assays with that from ensemble biochemical and mechanical assays, this review discusses the fundamental properties of the myosin-II power stroke and, perhaps more significantly, how these properties are governed by this molecule's atomic structure and the biochemical transitions that define its catalytic cycle.	1.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	In mammals, myosin VII is a MyTH4-FERM myosin class found in structures based on highly ordered actin filaments, such as stereocilia and microvilli.	1.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	Muscle contraction consists of a cyclical interaction between myosin and actin driven by the concomitant hydrolysis of adenosine triphosphate (ATP).	2.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	However, myosin proteins form numerous and specific interactions with actin filaments, plasma membrane, and numerous secondary protein complexes.	2
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	(3) Myosin V walks in strides averaging approximately 36 nm, the long pitch pseudo-repeat of the actin helix, each step coupled to a single ATP hydrolysis.	2.5
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	In particular, descriptive names (for example, 'nonmuscle myosin II' or 'fast skeletal muscle myosin') have been disbanded in favor of numerical variant designations as suggested.	1
Rates of ATP hydrolysis and consequently the speed of movement along actin filaments vary widely, from about 0.04 micrometer per second for myosin I to 4.5 micrometer per second for myosin II in skeletal muscle.	BACKGROUND: Myosins are motors that use energy supplied by ATP to travel along actin filaments.	2.5
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	NR-binding SET-domain-containing protein (NSD1) is a mouse nuclear protein containing su(var)3-9, enhancer-of-zeste, trithorax (SET), proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) and plant homeodomain protein (PHD)-finger domains (Huang et al., EMBO J. 17 (1998) 3398).	2
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	Its cDNA is 8552 bp long, has an 8088 bp open reading frame, contains at least six functional domains (SET, PWWP-I, PWWP-II, PHD-I, PHD-II, and PHD-III) and ten putative nuclear localization signals, and encodes 2696 amino acids.	2
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	It encodes a nuclear protein containing an SET (su(var)3-9, enhancer-of-zeste, trithorax) domain and multiple PHD (plant homeodomain protein finger) domains.	2
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	Note that in the docked model, the post-SET domain contacts DNA.	1
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	All three NSD proteins share a highly conserved catalytic SET domain, and they also have auxiliary domains implicated in interactions with other protein or nucleic acid components, such as the PWWP and PHD domains.	2
This model corresponds to the second PHD finger.	Of particular note is an aromatic residue, Phe-2056, near the methyl group of AdoMet, which corresponds to Phe-281 in Dim-5.	1
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	A and B, Patient PB at age 1 year.	1
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	The 1.8-kb Pst1 fragment is cut with SmaI, resulting in a 1-kb fragment.	1
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	The telomeric domain 1 contains the maternally expressed H19 gene and the paternally expressed IGF2 gene.	1
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	We identified 1 nonsense, 3 frameshift and 20 submicroscopic deletion mutations of NSD1 among 42 individuals with sporadic cases of Sotos syndrome.	1
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	Increasing concentrations (0.03, 0.1, and 0.3 mum) of NSD1-CD were titrated in the assay.	1
It also mitigates caspase-1 activation by listeriolysin o (LLO) in macrophages, and requires functional LLO for the regulation of IL-1beta secretion.	Molecular dynamics (MD) simulations were performed using the GROMACS program package, version 3.2.1, and computational dockings were carried out with GOLD.	1
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	The concentration of NSD1-CD used for the assay was 0.1 mum, and that of nucleosomes in the reactions was 0.35 mum.	1
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	The loop colored in red represents the post-SET loop of NSD1-CD, and the rest of the protein structure is colored cyan.	1
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	On the basis of these findings, it is tempting to speculate that the NSD1 protein may also be involved in the establishment and/or maintenance of the imprinting of the chromosome 11p15 region.	1
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	NR-binding SET-domain-containing protein (NSD1) is a mouse nuclear protein containing su(var)3-9, enhancer-of-zeste, trithorax (SET), proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) and plant homeodomain protein (PHD)-finger domains (Huang et al., EMBO J. 17 (1998) 3398).	1
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	Increasing concentrations (0.03, 0.1, and 0.3 mum) of NSD1-CD were titrated in the assay.	1
It can alter transcription by interacting with the protein NSD1-interacting zinc finger protein 1 (NIZP1).	Purified NSD1 protein was concentrated to ~15 mg/ml for crystallization.	1
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	ARA267-alpha contains 2427 amino acids, including one Su(var)3-9, Enhancer-of-zeste, and Trithorax (SET) domain, two LXXLL motifs, three nuclear translocation signal (NLS) sequences, and four plant homeodomain (PHD) finger domains.	1.5
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	All three NSD proteins share a highly conserved catalytic SET domain, and they also have auxiliary domains implicated in interactions with other protein or nucleic acid components, such as the PWWP and PHD domains.	4
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	NR-binding SET-domain-containing protein (NSD1) is a mouse nuclear protein containing su(var)3-9, enhancer-of-zeste, trithorax (SET), proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) and plant homeodomain protein (PHD)-finger domains (Huang et al., EMBO J. 17 (1998) 3398).	5
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	To analyze the enzymatic properties of NSD1, we expressed the catalytic domain of NSD1 (NSD1-CD, amino acids 1852-2082) encompassing the AWS (associated with SET), SET, and post-SET sequence motifs in E. coli (Fig. 1).	2.5
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	It encodes a nuclear protein containing an SET (su(var)3-9, enhancer-of-zeste, trithorax) domain and multiple PHD (plant homeodomain protein finger) domains.	4
NSD1 contains a catalytic suppressor of variegation, enhancer of zeste and trithorax (SET) domain, two proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) domains, five plant homeodomain (PHD) fingers, and an NSD-specific Cys-His rich domain (C5HCH).	The SET domains are highly similar, and for clarity, only the NSD1 SET domain is shown.	2
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	Recent analyses of the mouse protein have shown that the nsd1 SET domain has an intrinsic histone methyltransferase with a unique substrate specificity for both Lys36 of histone H3 and Lys20 of histone H4 (Rayasam et al.), suggesting an essential function in the transcriptional gene silencing by histone methylation.	4.5
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	Each domain is represented by a colored box with the domain name indicated (N, N-terminal domain; P, post-SET domain).	1.5
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	Hence, our study reveals an autoregulatory mechanism of NSD1 and provides insight into the molecular mechanism of the nucleosomal substrate selectivity of this disease-related H3K36 methyltransferase.	1.5
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	In addition, for NSD1 and NSD2, nucleosomal DNA or non-nucleosomal DNA fragments promote substrate specificity toward H3K36 and inhibit in vitro, presumably nonspecific, activity toward histone H4.	2.5
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	B, HKMT activity on recombinant histone octamers and nucleosomes.	1
The SET domain is responsible for histone methyltransferase activity.	In the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, H3K36 is trimethylated by the SET domain histone lysine methyltransferase (HKMT)2 Set2.	4.5
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	The results indicate that haploinsufficiency of NSD1 is the major cause of Sotos syndrome.	4
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	The other patients with Sotos syndrome had a normal methylation pattern at the two loci.	1
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	Haploinsufficiency of NSD1 causes Sotos syndrome.	4
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	NSD1 mutations are a major cause of Sotos syndrome, which is a childhood overgrowth syndrome associated with mental retardation; deletion of NSD2 is essential for the pathogenesis of Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome, a disease characterized by mental retardation, epilepsy, and developmental defects; and NSD3 is amplified in breast cancer cell lines.	4
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	Facial features in patients with Sotos who have 11p15 anomalies.	1
It plays a role in several pathologies, including but not limited to Sotos and Weaver syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer, neuroblastoma, and glioblastoma formation.	This patient did not have the typical Sotos facies either (fig. 2C and 2D).	1
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	Recent analyses of the mouse protein have shown that the nsd1 SET domain has an intrinsic histone methyltransferase with a unique substrate specificity for both Lys36 of histone H3 and Lys20 of histone H4 (Rayasam et al.), suggesting an essential function in the transcriptional gene silencing by histone methylation.	4
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	In the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, H3K36 is trimethylated by the SET domain histone lysine methyltransferase (HKMT)2 Set2.	2.5
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	This protein also has two other distinct nuclear receptor (NR)-interaction domains, called NID(-L) and NID(+L), and acts as both a NR corepressor and a coactivator by interacting directly with the ligand-binding domain of several NRs.	1.5
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	Top panel, 3H fluorography shows that histones H3, H2A/2B, and H4 were methylated using histone octamers, whereas only H3K36 was methylated when nucleosomes were used as substrates.	1
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	Thus, the recombinant NSD1-CD protein fully recapitulates the enzymatic properties of NSD proteins in vitro, i.e. it dimethylates nucleosomal H3K36 and octameric histones H3, H4, and H2A/B.	3
NSD1, also termed H3 Lysine-36 and H4 Lysine-20 specific histone-lysine N-methyltransferase, or androgen receptor coactivator 267 kDa protein, or androgen receptor-associated protein of 267 kDa, or H3-K36-HMTase H4-K20-HMTase, or LysineN-methyltransferase 3B (KMT3B), or NR-binding SET domain-containing protein, is a lysine methyltransferase that preferentially methylates H3 on Lysine36 (H3-K36) and H4 on Lysine20 (H4-K20), which is primarily associated with active transcription.	NR-binding SET-domain-containing protein (NSD1) is a mouse nuclear protein containing su(var)3-9, enhancer-of-zeste, trithorax (SET), proline-tryptophan-tryptophan-proline (PWWP) and plant homeodomain protein (PHD)-finger domains (Huang et al., EMBO J. 17 (1998) 3398).	1.5
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	Different segments of the protein are colored following the coloring scheme in Fig. 1A.	1
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	On the basis of these findings, it is tempting to speculate that the NSD1 protein may also be involved in the establishment and/or maintenance of the imprinting of the chromosome 11p15 region.	1
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	Secondary structure elements and the protein termini are labeled.	1
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	In the latter group, it is clear that protein-protein interactions must play an important role in regulating their enzymatic activities.	1.5
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	All three NSD proteins share a highly conserved catalytic SET domain, and they also have auxiliary domains implicated in interactions with other protein or nucleic acid components, such as the PWWP and PHD domains.	5
The PWWP and PHD fingers are involved in protein-protein interactions.	Its cDNA is 8552 bp long, has an 8088 bp open reading frame, contains at least six functional domains (SET, PWWP-I, PWWP-II, PHD-I, PHD-II, and PHD-III) and ten putative nuclear localization signals, and encodes 2696 amino acids.	1.5
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	Recombinant NSD1-CD was expressed at 16 C in the Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3)-RIPL as a GST fusion protein.	1
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	Interestingly, Set2 binds to the phosphorylated C-terminal domain of RNA polymerase II and travels with the RNA polymerase during elongation.	2
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	On the basis of these findings, it is tempting to speculate that the NSD1 protein may also be involved in the establishment and/or maintenance of the imprinting of the chromosome 11p15 region.	1
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	Similarly, patient BA, who had a 4-bp NSD1 deletion, first received a diagnosis of BWS based on postnatal overgrowth, hypoglycemia with hyperinsulinism, a significant umbilical hernia, and persistent vesicoureteral reflux.	1
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	By using 3'--rapid amplification of complementary DNA ends (3'-RACE) polymerase chain reaction, we identified a chimeric messenger RNA that results in the in-frame fusion of NUP98 to a novel gene, NSD1.	1.5
Moreover, NSD1 regulates RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) recruitment to bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4).	The reciprocal transcript, NSD1-NUP98, was also detected by reverse transcriptase--polymerase chain reaction.	1
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	In a breakthrough, Rothman and colleagues showed in a cell-free assay that the docking and fusion of transport vesicles require the concerted action of two cytosolic proteins: N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor (NSF), an ATPase whose activity regulates the formation and dissociation of the complexes needed for membrane fusion, and an additional factor needed to attach NSF to Golgi membranes, the soluble NSF-attachment protein, SNAP (reviewed in).	1
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	Membrane fusion involves the interaction of a specific pair of proteins, called SNAREs (for soluble N-ethylmaleimide sensitive factor attachment protein receptor).	2.5
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	SNARE (Soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins are the core machinery of membrane fusion.	2.5
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	As mentioned, in the case of synaptic-vesicle exocytosis, syntaxin 1 and its cognate SNARE partners form a ternary complex consisting of a coiled-coil bundle of four alpha helices, before NSF/alpha-SNAP joins to form the 20S complex.	1.5
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	In eukaryotes, interactions among the alpha-helical coiled-coil domains (CCDs) of soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptors (SNAREs) play a pivotal role in mediating the fusion among vesicles and target membranes.	3
SNARE (soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor) proteins contain coiled-coil helices (called SNARE motifs) which mediate the interactions between SNARE proteins, and a transmembrane domain.	Here, we review the role of soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion attachment protein (SNAP) receptors (SNAREs), which constitute the core machinery for membrane fusion and are essential for intracellular vesicular trafficking.	2.5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	Previously, SNARE proteins were divided into "v-SNAREs" (including proteins homologous to synaptobrevin) and "t-SNAREs" (including proteins homologous to syntaxin-1 and SNAP-25), based on their preferred localization on either the trafficking vesicle (v) or the target membrane (t), respectively.	3
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	Vesicular SNAREs (v-SNAREs) interact with their target SNAREs (t-SNAREs) to form SNARE complexes which mediate membrane fusion.	1.5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	It is more likely that the R-SNARE domain enables tomosyn to bind to Q-SNAREs, thereby playing a regulatory role in SNARE complex assembly.	2
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	The t-SNARE complexes, in turn, interact with SNARE domains of the vesicle (v) SNAREs (vesicle-associated membrane proteins, VAMPs) found on specific vesicle membranes, to form the core fusion complex.	2
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	Conserved structural features of the synaptic fusion complex: SNARE proteins reclassified as Q- and R-SNAREs	2.5
Qa-, as well as Qb- and Qc-SNAREs, are localized to target organelle membranes, while R-SNARE is localized to vesicle membranes.	Although all characterized SNARE complexes involved in membrane fusion are of the 3 Q-SNARE/1 (R-SNARE) type, defined complexes have been reported that consist only of Q-SNAREs.	2.5
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	In eukaryotes, interactions among the alpha-helical coiled-coil domains (CCDs) of soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptors (SNAREs) play a pivotal role in mediating the fusion among vesicles and target membranes.	2
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	SNAREs, together with SNAP and NSF, form a 20S complex intermediate that is essential for the docking and fusion of vesicles with a target membrane.	2.5
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	In a breakthrough, Rothman and colleagues showed in a cell-free assay that the docking and fusion of transport vesicles require the concerted action of two cytosolic proteins: N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor (NSF), an ATPase whose activity regulates the formation and dissociation of the complexes needed for membrane fusion, and an additional factor needed to attach NSF to Golgi membranes, the soluble NSF-attachment protein, SNAP (reviewed in).	1
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	Furthermore, it does not cover homotypic fusion events:i.e., fusion between vesicles that are functionally and structurally equivalent.	1.5
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	Factors that determine the specificity of the docking and fusion of vesicles to the correct target membranes were subsequently identified from their incorporation, again in a cell-free assay, into a 20S assembly complex with recombinant NSF and alpha-SNAP.	1.5
They form unique complexes consisting of one member of each subgroup, that mediate fusion between a specific type of vesicles and their target organelle.	Vesicular SNAREs (v-SNAREs) interact with their target SNAREs (t-SNAREs) to form SNARE complexes which mediate membrane fusion.	4
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	Although all characterized SNARE complexes involved in membrane fusion are of the 3 Q-SNARE/1 (R-SNARE) type, defined complexes have been reported that consist only of Q-SNAREs.	2
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	On the basis of these features we have reclassified SNARE proteins into Q-SNAREs and R-SNAREs, and we propose that fusion-competent SNARE complexes generally consist of four-helix bundles composed of three Q-SNAREs and one R-SNARE.	3.5
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	R-SNAREs would provide an arginine (R) to this ionic layer and Q-SNAREs would provide complementary glutamines (Q) (Fig. 1A).	4
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	Conserved structural features of the synaptic fusion complex: SNARE proteins reclassified as Q- and R-SNAREs	3
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	It is more likely that the R-SNARE domain enables tomosyn to bind to Q-SNAREs, thereby playing a regulatory role in SNARE complex assembly.	1.5
SNARE proteins are classified into four groups, Qa-, Qb-, Qc- and R-SNAREs, depending on whether the residue in the hydrophilic center layer of the four-helical bundle is a glutamine (Q) or arginine (R).	We predict that the R-SNARE domain in tomosyn forms a similar four-helix bundle with the Q-SNAREs syntaxin and SNAP-25.	1.5
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	VAMP8 has been shown to form complexes with the endosomal SNARES, syntaxin 7, 8 and vti1b.	1
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	The post-Golgi R-SNAREs, vesicle-associated membrane proteins (VAMPs) 1, 2, 3, 4, 7 and 8, are also enriched in CCVs (; however, most do not have conventional sorting signals.	3
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	The variants functioning in neuronal exocytosis are among the best characterized; they include the synaptic vesicle protein synaptobrevin (also referred to as VAMP) and the synaptic plasma membrane proteins SNAP-25 and syntaxin-1A.	1
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	The paradigm for soluble N-ethylmaleimide sensitive factor attachment protein receptor (SNARE) function in mammalian cells has been built on advancements in our understanding of structural and biochemical aspects of synaptic vesicle exocytosis, involving specifically synaptobrevin, syntaxin 1 and SNAP25.	1
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	Syntaxin 6, 7, 8 and vti1b are all enriched in CCVs and syntaxin 6, 7 and 8 are thought to contain conventional sorting signals.	1
The VAMP-7 (vesicle-associated membrane protein 7, also called synaptobrevin-like protein 1) protein belongs to the R-SNARE subgroup of SNAREs and interacts with syntaxin 7(Qa), syntaxin 8 (Qc) and Vti1b (Qb).	Here we review the basic properties and functions of the v-SNARE TI-VAMP/VAMP7 (Tetanus neurotoxin insensitive-vesicle associated membrane protein).	1.5
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	More recently, syntaxins localized to the endosomes have also been identified.	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	Several of these proteins are released into the extracellular medium associated with the internal vesicles present in multivesicular bodies (MVBs).	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	In the present report, we present evidence indicating that VAMP3 is required for the fusion between MVBs with autophagosomes to generate the amphisome, allowing the maturation of the autophagosome, but it does not seem to be involved in the next step, i. e., fusion with the lysosome.	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	Mutation of the dileucine motif results in a marked alteration of the steady-state distribution of VAMP4 from the TGN to endosomes.	1
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	At present, only few SNARE complexes have been characterized in which all partners have been identified and localized, such as the SNARE complex involved in yeast exocytosis.	1.5
The complex is involved in the transport from early endosomes to the lysosome via regulating the transport from multivesicular bodies to the lysosomes.	The wild-type VAMP3 construct is localized to the cell surface and endosomes, and is efficiently internalized (Fig 3C, panels a and b) as reported previously.	1
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	(A) Sequence alignment of the four-helix bundle region of the synaptic fusion complex for a representative subset of the entire SNARE family.	2.5
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	Distinct acidic, basic, and hydrophobic patches on the four-helix bundle surface may determine the ability of the SNARE complex to interact with different effector proteins, such as synaptotagmin, complexin, alpha-SNAP, and NSF.	2
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	VAMP subfamilies identified by specific R-SNARE motifs.	1
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	If the neuronal SNARE structure is conserved, the complex would consist of Sec22p (R-SNARE)/Bos1p (Q-SNARE)/Sed5p (Q SNARE) and a fourth Q-SNARE helix which may be contributed either by an additional SNARE or by a second copy of Bos1p or Sed5p.	1.5
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	We predict that the R-SNARE domain in tomosyn forms a similar four-helix bundle with the Q-SNAREs syntaxin and SNAP-25.	2.5
Their SNARE motifs form twisted and parallel heterotetrameric helix bundles.	On the basis of these features we have reclassified SNARE proteins into Q-SNAREs and R-SNAREs, and we propose that fusion-competent SNARE complexes generally consist of four-helix bundles composed of three Q-SNAREs and one R-SNARE.	2.5
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	By folding back onto the membrane-proximal SNARE domain, the molecule adopts a 'closed' configuration that prevents the formation of the core fusion complex.	1.5
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	Surface residues of such CCDs are major candidates to regulate the specificity of membrane fusion, as they may alter local charge at the interaction layers and surface of the fusion complex, possibly modulating its formation and/or the binding of non-SNARE regulatory factors.	2
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	The SNARE domain of a syntaxin mediates its interactions with the SNARE domains of other target-membrane (t) SNARE proteins from the syntaxin or SNAP-25 families, to form t-SNARE complexes at target membranes.	1.5
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	SNARE proteins have been proposed to mediate all intracellular membrane fusion events.	4
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	For other trafficking steps, relevant SNARE proteins are known, but it is unclear which of them interact in a particular fusion step.	1
The SNARE complex mediates membrane fusion, important for trafficking of newly synthesized proteins, recycling of pre-existing proteins and organelle formation.	SNARE (SNAP receptor) proteins drive intracellular membrane fusion and contribute specificity to membrane trafficking.	3
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	High resolution structures such as the 1.8 A adenosine A2a receptor are illistrating the receptor as allosteric machines, controlled not only by ligands, but by sodium, lipids, cholesterol, and water.	2
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	From more than a thousand genes each olfactory neuron is supposed to express only one receptor subtype.	2
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	The cAMP produced in response to Gs activation directly modulates the gating of hyperpolarization-activated, cyclic nucleotide-gated channels and activates protein kinase A (PKA).	3.5
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	Ligands of GPCRs include the following: GABA and glutamate, acetylcholine, biogenic amines, neuropeptides, chemokines, lipid mediators, nucleotides, polypeptide hormones, olfactory and gustatory molecules, and other naturally occurring chemicals such as calcium and hydrogen ions (protons).	2
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	The second messenger could be Ca2+ (for ion channels) cAMP and cGMP (for adenylyl and guanlyl cyclases), inositol-1, 4,5-triphosphate (IP3), diacyl glycerol (DAG) and arachidonic acid (for phospholipases).	2
The cAMP opens cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels, which allow the influx of calcium and sodium ions, resulting in depolarization of the olfactory receptor neuron and triggering an action potential which transmits this information to the brain.	They include biogenic amines, amino acids and derivatives, neuropeptides, chemokines, lipid mediators, nucleotides, polypeptide hormones, olfactory and gustatory molecules, and some other naturally occurring chemicals such as calcium ions and protons.	1.5
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	Initially, more than 60% of the human olfactory receptor genes were flagged as pseudogenes, while that number for the mouse OR repertoire stands at less than a third.	1.5
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	The results of the data mining and characterization of ORs can be accessed at the Human Olfactory Receptor Data Exploratorium Web site (http://bioinfo.weizmann.ac.il/HORDE).	2
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	Olfactory receptor (OR) proteins interact with odorant molecules in the nose, initiating a neuronal response that triggers the perception of a smell.	2
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	Human ORs cover a similar 'receptor space' as the mouse ORs, suggesting that the human olfactory system has retained the ability to recognize a broad spectrum of chemicals even though humans have lost nearly two-thirds of the OR genes as compared to mice.	2
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	This family also includes GABA-B receptors, taste receptors, olfactory receptors and a group of putative pheromone receptors coupled to the G protein Go (termed VRs and Go-VN).	1.5
This group includes human olfactory receptor family 7 and related proteins in other mammals.	Human olfactory receptor, hOR17-210, is identified as a pseudogene in the human genome.	1.5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	OR genes encode G-protein-coupled receptors containing seven transmembrane domains.	3
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	GPCRs (G-protein-coupled receptors) are versatile signalling molecules at the cell surface and make up the largest and most diverse family of membrane receptors in the human genome.	2.5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are the largest family of transmembrane receptors with about 800 members in the human genome serving as targets for many drugs.	2.5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	Olfactory receptors comprise the largest distinct cluster of 388 receptors (only 4 subtypes shown) in delta-group of the Class A (Rhodopsin family) of GPCRs.	4.5
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are critical eukaryotic signal transduction gatekeepers, which have a common architecture of seven transmembrane helices and represent the largest protein family in the human proteome.	3
ORs belong to the class A rhodopsin-like family of G protein-coupled receptors and constitute the largest multigene family in mammals of approximately 1,000 genes.	Recent studies have shown that the first step in odor discrimination is mediated by approximately 1000 distinct olfactory receptors, which comprise the largest family of G-protein-coupled receptors.	5
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	While hOR17-210 appears to lack the first two TMs typically observed in ORs, it possesses an additional TM present in only two other non-human olfactory receptors in all of GenBank.	1.5
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	The results show the identity of 495 mouse and 400 human functional nonolfactory GPCRs.	3
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	ORs are disposed on all human chromosomes except 20 and Y, and nearly 80% are found in clusters of 6-138 genes.	2
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	We found 1,296 mouse OR genes (including 20% pseudogenes), which can be classified into 228 families.	4.5
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	The human olfactory repertoire reveals that the ratio of functional ORs to pseudogenes is 1:2 (http://senselab.med.yale.edu/senselab/ORDB/humanOR.html).	3
More than 60% of human ORs are non-functional pseudogenes compared to only about 20% in mouse.	This leads us to conclude that hOR17-210 is missing both the first and second TMs when compared to other mammalian ORs.	1.5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	Receptors appear to be selective but rather non-specific-i.e. a distinct odorant activates multiple receptors and individual receptors respond to multiple odorants.	4.5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	OR I7, having been among the first cloned and identified ORs is well characterized, both experimentally and computationally-structurally.	1.5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	However, an olfactory receptor uses copper as a cofactor to recognize the volatile odorant (methylthio)methanethiol, indicating that metal ions may act as cofactors in the activation of GPCRs.	2.5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	Molecular bases of odor discrimination: Reconstitution of olfactory receptors that recognize overlapping sets of odorants.	3.5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	Our results provide direct evidence for the existence of a receptor code in which the identities of different odorants are specified by distinct combinations of odorant receptors that possess unique molecular receptive ranges.	3.5
Each OR can recognize structurally similar odorants, and a single odorant can be detected by several ORs.	The functionally cloned receptors were expressed in heterologous systems, demonstrating that structurally related olfactory receptors recognized overlapping sets of odorants with distinct affinities and specificities.	4
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Genome dynamics, evolution, and protein modeling in the olfactory receptor gene superfamily.	2.5
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	There is currently, no experimentally derived structure of an olfactory receptor.	1.5
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Similarly, a consensus sequence for the cAMP receptor family homologues in Fungi (Figure 1) were generated from the identified sequences in this study.	2
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Singular expression of olfactory receptor genes.	1.5
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	Olfactory receptor (OR) genes are the largest gene superfamily in vertebrates.	2
A consensus nomenclature system based on evolutionary divergence is used here to classify the olfactory receptor family.	We have previously shown that dynamic simulation of odorous molecules in the olfactory receptor binding pocket provide instances of interactions with key amino acid residues in the binding pocket.	1.5
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	Opioid receptors are thus far the most comprehensively covered subfamily, with crystal structures of all four closely related opioid subtypes solved, followed by beta-adrenergic receptors (2 out of 3 subtypes) and muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (2 out of 5 subtypes).	1
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	Conformational modeling studies supported by ligand binding data, for example for adenosine receptor subtypes, suggest a high level of structural conservation between such subtypes, allowing accurate prediction of the pockets from one or more representative structures in the subfamily.	1.5
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	Asterisks in Arrestin and phosducin rows indicate the presence of orthologs of a subfamily (B-Arrestins and Phosducin-I clade), as discussed in the main text.	1
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	The IC-TM region also harbors several functionally important features conserved in the Class A subfamily, including the D[E]RY motif in helix III and Glu6.30, which form the so-called "ionic lock" in some inactive GPCR structures, as well as the NPxxY motif in helix VII.	1.5
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	On the other hand, a natural ligand may activate more than one GPCR, but those receptors generally share a higher degree of sequence homology such that they are grouped into a subfamily.	1.5
The nomenclature begins with the root name OR, followed by an integer representing a family, a letter denoting a subfamily, and an integer representing the individual gene within the subfamily.	While the largest structural differences can be found among GPCR classes and subfamilies, structures of the opioid receptors reveal substantial structural deviations within the subfamily, even at 60% sequence identity.	1.5
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	For the purpose of this discussion, I will define the active state of the beta2AR as the state in which the receptor is bound to a full agonist and forms a complex with nucleotide-free Gs, the G protein that activates adenylyl cyclase.	2.5
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	Abbreviations: AC - adenylyl cyclase, GRK -G protein coupled receptors kinase, Gs - the stimulatory G protein for adenylyl cyclase, Gi - pertussis toxin sensitive G proteins, MAPK - mitogen activated protein kinase, PI3K -phosphoinositide 3 kinase, AKT - a serionine/threonine protein kinase initially identified in the AKT virus.	1
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	Early studies revealed the predominant signaling pathway to be from agonist-activated beta2AR to Gs, the stimulatory G protein for adenylyl cyclase.	2
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	For example, the beta2 adrenergic receptor (beta2AR) activates specific cellular signaling pathways through Gs, the stimulatory G protein for adenylyl cyclase, and independently through arrestin.	2
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	The ubiquitously expressed G protein Gs couples many receptors to adenylyl cyclase and mediates activation increasing intracellular cAMP concentration.	4
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	The beta2AR can activate two G proteins, Galphas and Galphai (part of the Gs and Gi heterotrimers, respectively), which differentially regulate adenylate cyclase.	2
The G protein (Golf and/or Gs) in turn stimulates adenylate cyclase to make cAMP.	Taking the human beta2AR as an example, the binding of adrenaline and noradrenaline to cells in the target tissues of sympathetic neurotransmission leads to the activation of the stimulatory subunit of the heterotrimeric G protein (Galphas), the stimulation of adenylyl cyclase, the accumulation of cyclic AMP (cAMP), the activation of cAMP-dependent protein kinase A (PKA) and the phosphorylation of proteins involved in muscle-cell contraction (Fig. 1).	4
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Intriguingly, the D1 and D5 dopamine receptors are more homologous to beta2AR than to D2-like dopamine receptors, and, like beta2AR also have five residues in their ECL2b, suggesting that variations in the ECL2b between dopamine receptor subtypes can play a role in their different response profile to dopamine.	1.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	The sense of smell: genomics of vertebrate odorant receptors.	2.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Our study, we hope, will cause researchers to reassess the sequence-structure-function correlates in olfactory receptors, and also the necessity to incorporate structural features in the classification of ORs and GPCRs.	2.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Instead, some crystal structures reveal hydrogen bonding interactions between the Arg3.50 side chain and other polar residues in helix VI, for example Thr6.34 in kappa-opioid and mu-opioid receptors, which may also play a role in the regulation of receptor signaling.	1.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	G Protein Coupled Receptors (GPCRs) perceive many extracellular signals and transduce them to heterotrimeric G proteins, which further transduce these signals intracellular to appropriate downstream effectors and thereby play an important role in various signaling pathways.	2.5
Olfactory receptors (ORs) play a central role in olfaction, the sense of smell.	Hence, GPCRs will certainly play a central role in drug research in the foreseeable future.	2
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	Binding of an activating ligand to a GPCR leads to the interaction of the cytoplasmic side of the receptor with a cognate heterotrimeric G protein.	2.5
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	However, an olfactory receptor uses copper as a cofactor to recognize the volatile odorant (methylthio)methanethiol, indicating that metal ions may act as cofactors in the activation of GPCRs.	2
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	In contrast, the IC module (IC and IC-TM regions), involved in binding downstream effectors including G proteins and arrestins, is more conserved between GPCRs, but undergoes larger conformational changes upon receptor activation.	2
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	Furthermore, helix-helix interaction contributes to the functional tertiary structure of the GPCRs necessary for receptor folding and stability, ligand binding and ligand-induced conformational changes for G protein coupling.	2
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	Photoactivated rhodopsin is specifically phosphorylated by G protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRKs) and preferential binding of arrestin to activated rhodopsin blocks further G protein activation.	2
Binding of an odorant to the olfactory receptor induces a conformational change that leads to the activation of the olfactory-specific G protein (Golf).	G protein mediated signaling starts by binding of an agonist molecule that leads to activation of GPCR.	2.5
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	We present a historical overview of research on microbial rhodopsins ranging from the 1960s to the present date.	1
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	Microbial rhodopsins have been intensively researched for the last three decades.	1
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	However, application of these techniques is hampered by the duration and the complexity of the photoreaction of channelrhodopsin compared with other microbial rhodopsins.	1
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	The role of protein-bound water molecules in microbial rhodopsins.	1
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	The distinct signaling mechanisms of microbial sensory rhodopsins in Archaea, Eubacteria and Eukarya.	3
Microbial rhodopsins have been found in various single-celled microorganisms from all three domains of life, including halophile archaea, gamma-proteobacteria, cyanobacteria, fungi, and green algae.	Three of the most studied photosensory transduction mechanisms of these microbial rhodopsins are dealt with in this review.	1
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	If the structures of dark rhodopsin and opsin are used to model the beginning and end of the activation process, we can hypothesize that plasticity in the water cluster around the NPxxY motif of TM7 results in conformational changes in the cytoplasmic side of this helix, which represents an additional pathway in rhodopsin activation (Figure 4, cyan arrow).	2.5
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	The antagonist mainly contacts amino acids on TM5, TM6 and TM7, but the position on the adenine ring of ZM241385 to which the ribose moiety would be attached in the natural agonist adenosine orients the sugar towards TM3.	1
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	The apoprotein opsin, which is formed by the hydrolysis of the Schiff base linkage of retinal to the protein after photobleaching, displays at low pH an infrared spectrum similar to that of metarhodopsin II, suggesting that it is in an active conformation.	2.5
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	Specifically, we discuss a pentameric water/amino acid arrangement close to the protonated Schiff base as central proton-binding site, a protonated water cluster as proton storage site at the proton-release site, and a transient linear water chain at the proton uptake site.	2
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	Ultimately, the photoisomerized chromophore is hydrolyzed and released from the binding pocket yielding opsin and free all-trans-retinal.	2.5
Both types of rhodopsins consist of opsin and a covalently attached retinal (the aldehyde of vitamin A), a photoreactive chromophore, via a protonated Schiff base linkage to an amino group of lysine in the middle of the seventh transmembrane helix (TM7).	The second extracellular loop (ECL2) of rhodopsin forms a short beta-sheet that caps the covalently bound 11-cis retinal, shielding the chromophore from bulk solvent and preventing Schiff base hydrolysis.	4
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	They share a common seven-transmembrane topology and mediate cellular response to a variety of extracellular signals ranging from photons and small molecules to peptides and proteins.	1
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	GPCRs exist as a superfamily of integral membrane protein receptors that contain seven transmembrane alpha-helical regions, which bind to a wide range of ligands.	1.5
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	The discovery that the beta2-adrenergic receptor and the opsins share a seven-transmembrane (7TM) domain topology led to the concept that receptors that couple to heterotrimeric (alphabetagamma) G proteins form a supergene family, thereafter known as the G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs).	1
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	A small (ca. 200 A 3) allosteric pocket in the middle part of the channel was found to bind a Na+ ion surrounded by a cluster of 10 structured waters (Figure 6a).	1
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	The G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) are a remarkably diverse superfamily of seven-transmembrane proteins that are responsible for intracellular G-protein activation on recognition of an extracellular ligand.	1.5
ChRs are large seven-transmembrane proteins with large C-terminal extensions, which have been implicated in localizing the channel to the algal eyespot, a single layer of pigmented granules, overlaying part of the plasma membrane but are not required for ion channel function.	Moreover, GPCRs are not monomeric : they have a propensity to interact not only with each other but also with other transmembrane proteins.	1.5
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	The interaction of retinal with light results in the isomerization of 11-cis retinal to the all-trans form, which triggers conformational changes (detected by a series of spectroscopic intermediates occurring in the femtosecond to millisecond range) that ultimately result in the activated form, metarhodopsin II.	4
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	However, the overall positions of the ligands within the beta2AR and beta1AR structures are slightly more extracellular than 11-cis-retinal in rhodopsin.	1.5
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	On the other hand, the inactive position of Trp6.48 can be stabilized by direct interactions with inverse agonists, as observed in rhodopsin/11-cis-retinal, A2AAR/ZM241385, and histamine H1/doxepin complexes.	1
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	The sites of carazolol, cyanopindolol and 11-cis retinal binding are partly overlapping in superpositions of beta2AR, beta1AR and rhodopsin, respectively (Fig. 3a).	1
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	Ligands are shown by thin lines with black carbons for all antagonists (ZM241385, 11-cis retinal and carazolol, respectively) and colored carbons for agonists (NECA, all-trans retinal and BI-167107 colored orange, purple and green, respectively).	1
Upon the absorption of light, microbial rhodopsins undergo light-induced photoisomerization of all-trans retinal into the 13-cis isomer, whereas the photoisomerization of 11-cis retinal to all-trans isomer occurs in the animal rhodopsins.	The cells containing these pigments, however, use other microbial rhodopsins as photosensors to monitor environmental light signals.	2
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	Therefore, the activated GPCR catalyzes exchange of GTP for GDP on the Galpha subunit, as a result conformational changes takes place in the GPCR, which leads to dissociation of Gbetagamma dimer from Galpha and thus activates multiple molecules of G proteins (Fig. 1).	3
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	Since the discovery of bacteriorhodopsin, the scope of microbial rhodopsins has been considerably extended, not only in view of the large number of family members, but also their functional properties as pumps, sensors, and channels.	3
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	Finally, G protein binding further changes the energy landscape, displacing the equilibrium to the active form of the receptor, capable of catalyze the GDP-GTP exchange in the G protein.	1.5
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	Of ion pumps, sensors and channels - perspectives on microbial rhodopsins between science and history.	2
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	The G protein is released from the GPCR by GTP and both its alpha- and betagamma-subunits can activate the effector molecules as adenylyl cyclases and cation channels.	1
While animal visual rhodopsins are activated by light to catalyze GDP/GTP exchange in the alpha subunit of the retinal G protein transducin (Gt), microbial rhodopsins do not activate G proteins, but instead can function as light-dependent ion pumps, cation channels, and sensors.	In the dark, retinal is in the 11-cis form; this form of the receptor is completely inactive toward its G protein transducin, a property essential for proper visual physiology.	2.5
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	The greatest diversity in these structures lies in the extracellular ends of the transmembrane helices and the connecting loops.	2.5
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	GPCRs are comprised of a bundle of seven transmembrane (7TM) alpha-helices, connected by three extracellular loops (ECL1-3) and three intracellular loops (ICL1-3) (Figure 2).	2.5
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	The 7TM alpha-helices connected by three intracellular and three extracellular loops.	2
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	Members of the GPCR superfamily share the same basic architecture of 7TM alpha-helices, an extracellular amino-terminal segment and an intracellular carboxy-terminal tail.	3
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	Although all GPCRs are characterized by a similar seven transmembrane (7TM) topology, the five major families of human GPCRs (Figure 1) share very little sequence identity (SI, < 20% in the TM domain) and possess different extracellular N-terminal domains.	2
While microbial (type 1) and animal (type 2) rhodopsins have no sequence similarity with each other, they share a common architecture consisting of seven-transmembrane alpha-helices (TM) connected by extracellular loops and intracellular loops.	GPCRs share a common architecture within the membrane consisting of seven transmembrane (TM)-spanning helices, with an extracellular amino terminus and a cytoplasmic carboxy terminus.	3
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	The cAMP produced in response to Gs activation directly modulates the gating of hyperpolarization-activated, cyclic nucleotide-gated channels and activates protein kinase A (PKA).	1
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	The discovery of the light-driven ion channel, channelrhodopsin (ChR), serving as photoreceptors for behavioral responses in green alga has complemented inquiries into this photoreceptor family.	4.5
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	The new and vibrant field of optogenetics was founded by the seminal discovery of channelrhodopsin, the first light-gated cation channel.	3
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Some GPCRs bind dimeric ligands (glycoprotein hormones) and ligand-gated ion channels, e.g., the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, and are examples of multiple ligands modulating receptor protein activity.	1
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Of ion pumps, sensors and channels - perspectives on microbial rhodopsins between science and history.	2
Channelrhodopsins (ChRs) are light-gated ion channels acting as sensory photoreceptors in unicellular green algae, controlling phototaxis (directional movement toward or away from light).	Channelrhodopsin unchained: structure and mechanism of a light-gated cation channel.	3.5
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Most of the known archaeal-type microbial rhodopsins are retinal-binding ion transporters, such as bacteriorhodopsin (BR) and proteorhodopsin (PR).	3
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Last, we compare the water positions in bR with those in other microbial rhodopsins to elucidate how protein-bound water molecules guide the function of microbial rhodopsins.	2.5
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	We discuss advances and controversies on the unique eubacterial sensory rhodopsins (as represented by Anabaena sensory rhodopsin), proton-pumping proteorhodopsins and xanthorhodopsins, as well as novel non-proton ion pumps.	3
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Currently, the most understood model system exhibiting such features is bacteriorhodopsin (bR).	2
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	a) Intracellular view: common shifts of the intracellular tips of transmembrane helices (yellow arrows), include outward swinging of helix VI, accompanied by movement of helix V, as well as inward shift of helix VII and axial shift of helix III.	1
ChRs are belongs to the microbial rhodopsin family, also known as type I rhodopsins, comprising the light-driven inward chloride pump halorhodopsin (HR), the outward proton pump bacteriorhodopsin (BR), the light-sensor activating transmembrane transducer protein sensory rhodopsin II (SRII), the light-sensor activating soluble transducer protein Anabaena sensory rhodopsin (ASR), and the other light-driven proton pumps such as blue-light absorbing and green-light absorbing proteorhodopsins, among others.	Since the discovery of proteorhodopsins, the ubiquitous marine light-driven proton pumps of eubacteria, a large number of other eubacterial rhodopsins with diverse structures and functions have been characterized.	3
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	The mechanisms by which soluble methane monooxygenase uses dioxygen to convert methane selectively to methanol have come into sharp focus.	4
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	This multicomponent system transfers electrons from NADH through a reductase component to the non-heme diiron center in the hydroxylase where O(2) is activated.	3
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	Soluble methane monooxygenase: activation of dioxygen and methane.	3
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	Based on the known biochemical properties of a number of flavoprotein monooxygenases and sequence and structural analyses, flavoprotein monooxygenases can be classified into six distinct flavoprotein monooxygenase subclasses.	2
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	Soluble methane monooxygenase (sMMO) catalyzes the hydroxylation of methane by dioxygen to methanol, the first step in carbon assimilation by methanotrophs.	4
Methane monooxygenase (MMO) reductase of methanotrophs catalyzes the NADH-dependent hydroxylation of methane to methanol.	Benzoate dioxygenase contains a reductase component, BenC, that is responsible for the two-electron transfer from NADH via FAD and an iron-sulfur cluster to the terminal oxygenase component.	1
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	Soluble methane monooxygenase: activation of dioxygen and methane.	3.5
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	The mechanisms by which soluble methane monooxygenase uses dioxygen to convert methane selectively to methanol have come into sharp focus.	3.5
Oxygenases oxidize hydrocarbons using dioxygen as the oxidant.	Soluble methane monooxygenase (sMMO) catalyzes the hydroxylation of methane by dioxygen to methanol, the first step in carbon assimilation by methanotrophs.	3.5
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	The [2Fe-2S] domain is similar to that of plant ferredoxins, and the FAD and NADH domains are similar to members of the ferredoxin:NADPH reductase superfamily.	1.5
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	The reductase component comprises three distinct domains, a [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain along with FAD- and NADH-binding domains.	4
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	This multicomponent system transfers electrons from NADH through a reductase component to the non-heme diiron center in the hydroxylase where O(2) is activated.	4
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	Class I consists of two-component enzymes in which the first protein is a reductase containing both a flavin and a [2Fe-2S] redox center and the second component is the oxygenase; Class II consists of three-component enzymes in which the flavin and [2Fe-2S] redox centers of the reductase are on a separate flavoprotein and ferredoxin, respectively; and Class III consists of three-component enzymes in which the reductase contains both a flavin and [2Fe-2S] redox center but also require***shortened***	3
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	These enzymes consist of two or three soluble proteins that interact to form an electron-transport chain that transfers electrons from reduced nucleotides (NADH) via flavin and [2Fe-2S] redox centers to a terminal dioxygenase.	2.5
This multicomponent enzyme mediates electron transfer via a hydroxylase (MMOH), a coupling protein, and a reductase which is comprised of an N-terminal [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin domain, an FAD binding subdomain, and an NADH binding subdomain.	Benzoate dioxygenase contains a reductase component, BenC, that is responsible for the two-electron transfer from NADH via FAD and an iron-sulfur cluster to the terminal oxygenase component.	1.5
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	The dioxygenases may be classified in terms of the number of constituent components and the nature of the redox centers.	2
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	One of the major processes for aerobic biodegradation of aromatic compounds is initiated by Rieske dioxygenases.	1
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	The degradation of aromatic compounds by aerobic bacteria frequently begins with the dihydroxylation of the substrate by nonheme iron-containing dioxygenases.	1.5
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	The BenC structure is the first determined for a reductase from the class IB Rieske dioxygenases, whose reductases transfer electrons directly to their oxygenase components.	1.5
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	Interactions for flavin substrates are instead provided by a hydrophobic isoalloxazine binding site that also contains a serine and a threonine, which form hydrogen bonds to the isoalloxazine of bound riboflavin in a substrate complex.	1
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	From the deduced amino acid sequence of several dioxygenases the ligands involved in the coordination of the nucleotides, iron-sulfur centers, and mononuclear nonheme iron active site are proposed.	1.5
Dioxygenases add both atom of oxygen to the substrate, while mono-oxygenases add one atom to the substrate and one atom to water.	The FAD-binding domain consists of a six-stranded antiparallel beta-barrel and one alpha-helix, with the first 10 N-terminal residues unstructured.	1
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs) arise from exposure to ionizing radiation or radiomimetic chemicals and pose a great threat to cell survival and genome integrity.	1.5
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	Detection of a DNA double strand break (DSB) is necessary to initiate DSB repair.	2
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	Phosphorylation of the carboxy terminus of H2A is induced in a manner that is dependent on DNA damage and on phosphatidylinositol	3	OH kinase-related kinase and is required for efficient end joining repair of DSBs in yeast.	1.5
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	The Yeast Chromatin Remodeler RSC Complex Facilitates End Joining Repair of DNA Double-Strand Breaks	4
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	Through this effort, we have identified RSC8 and RSC30, components of the essential chromatin remodeling complex RSC, as being required for efficient end joining repair.	2.5
The RSC complex has also been linked to homologous recombination and nonhomologous end-joining repair of DNA double strand breaks.	RSC functions as an early double-strand break sensor in the cell's response to DNA damage	4
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	The noted interactions of Rsc1 and Rsc2 with Mre11 are specific, because neither TAP-tagged Rsc4 (another bromodomain-containing RSC subunit) nor Swi3-TAP (a core component of Swi/Snf chromatin remodeler) associated with GST-Mre11 (Fig. 6B, compare lanes 2 and 4 with 6 and 8).	2
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	These observations, in conjunction with the diverged bromodomain-containing motifs in Rsc1 and Rsc2, lead us to speculate that both Rsc1 and Rsc2 are required for mid-late promoter induction because the repressive chromatin structure established by multiple repression complexes must be remodeled by a pathway that requires unique features of the alternative Rsc1- and Rsc2-containing RSC.	3
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	Rsc1 and Rsc2 are alternative bromodomain-containing subunits of the ATP-dependent RSC chromatin remodeling complex in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.	3
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	For example, other classes of bromodomain proteins include MLL, a putative transcription factor that interacts with the SWI/SNF chromatin remodeling complex; Spt7, an acidic transcriptional activator and component of the SAGA complex; and a helicase superfamily that includes Snf2, Rsc1/Rsc2 and Sth1, components of the SWI/SNF and RSC complexes; Brg1, which binds RB; and brahma, which also contacts RB, is related to Swi2/Snf2 and has homeotic functions in Drosophila ( -).	2
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	Our transcriptional studies showed that there are dramatic defects in the induction of all mid-late sporulation-specific genes tested in rsc1-Delta/rsc1-Delta and rsc2-Delta/rsc2-Delta strains.	1
Bromodomain, repeat I in Rsc1/2-like subfamily, specific to fungi.	Our data suggest that Smk1 and Rsc1/2 define parallel pathways that converge to provide signaling information and the expression of gene products, respectively, that are required for spore morphogenesis.	1
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	Does the weak affinity constant for a single bromodomain binding to N-acetyl-lysine (~0.1 mM) imply that bromodomains can function only in multiprotein complexes with multiple interaction sites?	3
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	Therefore, lysine acetylation forges a novel signaling partnership with bromodomains to govern the temporal and spatial regulation of protein functions in vivo.	3.5
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	Similar to the fact that HAT activity produces acetylated histones that can recruit bromodomains, SET proteins produce methylated histones that can recruit other proteins through their chromodomains.	2
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	Acetylated histones are targets for the bromodomains of many HATs and other chromatin-associated proteins.	1.5
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	In addition, we show by a combination of structural and site-directed mutagenesis studies that bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine, making them the first known protein modules to do so.	4.5
Bromodomains can interact specifically with acetylated lysine.	Bromodomains adopt a left-hand twisted four-helical bundle, with two loops at one end of the bundle forming a hydrophobic lysine-binding pocket that selects acetyl-Lys rather than the charged unmodified lysine.	4
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	These observations, in conjunction with the diverged bromodomain-containing motifs in Rsc1 and Rsc2, lead us to speculate that both Rsc1 and Rsc2 are required for mid-late promoter induction because the repressive chromatin structure established by multiple repression complexes must be remodeled by a pathway that requires unique features of the alternative Rsc1- and Rsc2-containing RSC.	3.5
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	Polybromo resembles two related proteins in yeast, the Rsc1 and Rsc2 proteins, both having a BAH domain and two bromodomains as well as a DNA binding motif, the AT -hook.	3.5
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	Rsc1 and Rsc2 are 45% identical and share the same domain structure, and both contain two bromodomains.	2.5
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	The Rsc1 and 2 proteins are components of the RSC (remodelling the structure of chromatin) complex and are required for transcriptional control.	5
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	Functional differences between RSC1 and RSC2, components of a for growth essential chromatin-remodeling complex of Saccharomyces cerevisiae, during the sporulation process.	3.5
Rsc1 and Rsc2 are components of the RSC complex (remodeling the structure of chromatin), are essential for transcriptional control, and have a specific domain architecture including two bromodomains.	The region of similarity between Rsc1 and Rsc2 is divided into five sections, bromodomains BD#1 and BD#2, the AT-hook motif, a bromodomain-adjacent homology (BAH), and a CT domain (Fig. 7A).	2.5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Bromodomains that occur in HAT proteins might enhance the off-rate of the catalytic domain whilst tethering HAT activity to chromatin to enhance local acetylation.	2.5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Within this context, we review the distribution of bromodomains, chromodomains and SANT domains among chromatin-modifying enzymes and discuss how they can contribute to the translation of the histone code.	1.5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Although it lacked a known function at the time, it has subsequently been identified in transcription factors, co-activators and other proteins that are important in transcription or chromatin remodeling and its boundaries have been expanded to about 110 amino acids.	4
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Bromodomains, an extensive family of evolutionarily conserved protein modules originally found in proteins associated with chromatin and in nearly all nuclear histone acetyltransferases, have been recently discovered to function as acetyl-lysine binding domains.	3
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	Here, we review the characteristics of acetyllysine-binding by bromodomains, discuss associated domains found in these proteins, and address the function of the bromodomain in the context of chromatin.	2.5
Bromodomains are 110 amino acid long domains, that are found in many chromatin associated proteins.	The future discovery of bromodomains in proteins that are uninvolved in chromatin restructuring will be a test of the utility of such a classification.	2